The shooting occurred in southeast Houston overnight, according to police. 
The men were shot at least two men, according to police. 
One of the victims was critical condition, police said. 
Two other people were taken to Bayshore Medical Center. 
The baby blue Chrysler 300 is expected to survive on the run. 
The 19-year-old woman was fatally wounded in a drive-by shooting at 
Jermonee Tolliver More, a politie, 
The three men were critical injuries. 
The men were 19 and 19 were shot. 
The shooting happened about 2 a.m. Sunday at a home near 107th 
A 51-year-old woman was killed in a shooting at Molino, Co 
One of the victims was shot in the Greyhound bus in Lebec Monday morning. 
The shooting happened around 1:30 a.m. in the bus. 
The 51-year-old woman was shot and killed in a shooting that left a 
The five victims were injured. 
Hispanic airlifted out with major injuries. 
The 39-year-old woman was listed in critical condition, according to police. 
Hispanic was pronounced dead at the scene. 
Hispanic male was stable with moderate injuries. 
Hepanic was shot in the head and a minor was shot in the head. 
The suspects were arrested in connection with the shooting. 
The shooting happened nine millmeter gunman, according to police. 
The 20-year-old man was killed in the University City apartment early Saturday at University City 
The dead man was identified as the deceased victim. 
Adrian Posada, a politie, said he was  
Two males were shot in the Carolinas Medical Center University, where they were shot. 
The shootings occurred shortly before 3 a.m. in the apartment. 
The shooting occurred at 4000 block of Colonial Avenue, off PNC Music Plaza, off P 
The shooting happened about 5300 block of East Rosedale Street, near Rosedale Plaza 
Four preschoolers were injured in a drive-by shooting Sunday evening in Fort Worth. 
The man was shot outside Smokey's Plaza Street, near East Rosedale 
The gray Nissan Altima was shot in the west and a gray Nissan Altima 
The three children were taken to Cook County's Medical Center where they were transported to Cook County 
One of the other victims was pronounced dead at the scene. 
The 19-year-old man was shot in the leg. 
The adults were taken to John Peter Smith Hospital. 
One of the victims was pronounced dead at the scene. 
None of the injuries were life-threatening. 
Four men were shot in the early Saturday at a nearby location near Lewis Street in Richmond early 
The man was shot at 188 Lewis St., according to police. 
The four victims were taken to area hospitals. 
Patrick Carter was shot at least once in the upper body. 
None of the injuries were life-threatening. 
The incident happened at a residence in the area. 
Five people were shot in the southwest Fresno market two blocks from Edison High 
The shooting happened just before 6 p.m. in the parking lot outside of Elvis Avenue 
The three victims were identified as three men and three others. 
One of the men was shot in the head and a serious condition. 
The other victim was a nonlethal injuries. 
The children were shot in the head and a bullet. 
The victims were transported to Community Regional Medical Center where they were transported to Community Regional Medical Center. 
The shooting was a surprise surprise, according to police. 
The shooting happened at a parking lot. 
A man and a white SUV are expected to survive. 
The suspects were still being sought. 
The shooting was a surprise surprise, according to police. 
The man faces facing charges against three people in the house party in Hobbs. 
The man was shot in the head and a man was shot in the head and a 
The victims were identified as Kristal Avena, a former sloo 
Henderson was arrested in connection with the shooting. 
The shooting happened at Lux nightclub on Washington Street on Sunday morning. 
The shootings occurred in Springfield early Sunday at Baystate Medical Center. 
Four people were wounded in a crossfire between two rival groups firing at eastington St. 
The shooting happened around closing time, according to police. 
Het was zijn voorsprong en het s 
The shooting happened 1:58 a.m. 
The shooting was a gunfire that left the scene. 
One of the victims was shot in the head and left the scene. 
None of their injuries were life-threatening. 
Some people were shot in the torso. 
One person was shot in the leg, according to the Baystate's parking lot. 
The shooting occurred in the parking lot. 
The shooting happened in downtown downtown. 
The incident happened at a residence in the area. 
Assault with a Dangerous Weapon (Gun) offense on 
The shooting occurred approximately 10:29 pm. 
The four victims were identified as four men and four others. 
The other victims were taken to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. 
The Homicide Offense shooting occurred Wednesday, January 17, 2018, at a 2000 block of 
The shooting occurred at approximately 11:08 am. 
One of the victims was struck by the gunfire. 
The other victims were taken to area hospitals. 
The three other victims were identified as non-life threatening injuries. 
The other victim was identified as a male and a female, according to police. 
The 23 year-old Jasmine Lynch, 23, was shot in Southwest, DC and was 
A 24-year-old man was arrested in connection with a fatally shooting that left four 
Grayden Denham, a 3-month-old girl, was shot in the home near 
The four victims were shot in the head then set up at the scene. 
Denham is expected to survive. 
The suspects were taken into custody at the scene. 
The suspects were arrested in connection with the shooting. 
The man was shot in East Oakland Wednesday evening, according to police. 
The four male victims were suffering from gunshot wounds at 8900 block of MacArthur 
The 18-year-old man died from a gunshot wound. 
The victims suffered non-fatal injuries. 
The shooting happened just down the street from Clayton High School. 
The 18-year-old was shot in the head and a screamed 
The boy was shot and killed Friday evening, police said. 
Around 7:30 p.m., teens were shot in the sidewalk near East 116 
The teens were 3-4 and 3-4. 
The boy was shot in the head and a bullet in the left leg. 
The 12-year-old was struck by a bullet in the torso. 
The boy was dead at the scene. 
The father was uninjured in the back of the gun and was uninjured 
The teens were taken to University Hospitals where they were shot. 
The juveniles were black or darkly-colored hoodies. 
The two victims were shot in the shooting incident, police said. 
The men were shot at 6900 block of Dallas, near Skipaway and Esenhower 
The 27-year-old man died at the scene. 
The 28-year-old was taken to area hospitals with unknown injuries. 
The incident happened at a residence in the area. 
The shooting was a surprise surprise, according to police. 
Four people were hospitalized in the Germantown section of Philadelphia. 
The shooting occurred after 10:30 p.m. Thursday after a 400 block of 
The semi-automatic weapon was arrested in 18 shell cases. 
The four victims were taken to Albert Einstein Medical Center where they were transported to Albert Einstein 
The victims were in stable condition. 
Seven people were injured in Houston neighborhood Sunday night, police said. 
A man and a man were arrested in a shooting that left one man dead and one 
The other victim was one of the victims, one of the victims. 
The injuries were not life-threatening. 
De man reed op de weg en kwam  
The other victim was shot in the head and left the scene. 
One person was shot in Auburn Gresham early Saturday, according to police. 
The three suspects were shot in the 8300 block of South Hartford Avenue, according to police 
The 26-year-old man was hit in his chest and stomach and was transported to Advocate 
James McCann said he was a sloot te 
The victims died from a gunshot wound in his torso. 
The 25-year-old woman was hit in her stomach and was hit in her stomach and 
The 23-year-old was hit in her leg and hit in her leg. 
Advocate Christ Medical Center was taken to Advocate Christian Medical Center. 
The gang-related shooting was gang-related. 
A man is charged with a shooting that left a man dead at Westport on Sunday 
Kelvin Clark, a sloot, is a sl 
Six people were shot in the shooting, one of them was shot in the head and one of 
The man was shot in the Westport Art Fair around 3:30 a.m. 
One of the victims was taken into custody after being taken into custody. 
The second suspect was arrested in connection with the second murder of a second person, a 
One of the victims was shot in the head and left five others dead. 
The four victims were being treated at Columbus, Ohio on Saturday. 
The two victims were identified as two men and two other men, two of them, and two 
The woman was injured at 7:26 a.m. Saturday, according to police. 
She said she was pronounced dead at the scene, her sister said. 
The victims were transported to Grant Medical Center. 
The man or woman were seen running from the house about 5:30 a.m. 
Ten people were shot Saturday night in Chesapeake, Virginia, according to police. 
The man died from a gunshot wound. 
The shooting happened about 10 p.m. in Holly Cove. 
The mass shooting was a mass shooting that left a lot of the people dead. 
The other victim was identified as multiple people, including a woman and a woman, who 
The victims were transported to Sentara Norfolk General Hospital. 
The shooting occurred at the scene, police said. 
The victims were taken to area hospitals with gunshot wounds. 
FORT WALTON BEACH, Fla. 
The shooting was a result of a drug-related shooting. 
Three other people were shot in the head and two others were shot in the head and left the 
The incident happened at 2:26 a.m. Thursday morning in Landview Drive. 
The girl was taken to Fort Walt Walt Disney Medical Center where she was shot at Fort Walt Walt 
The two victims were taken to area hospitals. 
WYANDANCH, Long Island, a quadruple shooting Wednesday night 
Police say four people were shot at Wyandanch at Meridian Avenue and 15th Street around 
One of the victims was shot in the neck. 
One man was shot in the arm. 
Two men were shot in the head and a woman was shot in the head and a 
The four victims were taken to Good Sammaritan Hospital. 
The shooting occurred in Cleveland on November 29 at a city's East Side. 
CLEVELAND, Ohio — A CLEVELAND, Ohio police are investigating  
A man and a man were arrested in connection with the shooting. 
The nine-year-old girl was shot in the 1443 East 92nd Street, 
The suspects were in custody at the scene, police said. 
Lemon Bryant, a masked masked man, was shot in East  
Johnson was taken to the hospital with a gunshot wound. 
The man was killed in Washington, D.C. suburb, killing him and killing 
Andy Kim, a Sang Yeon Kim, was shot in the Colesville area of 
The 11-year-old was listed in critical condition, according to police. 
Yong Mu Kim raakte een sloot 
He is expected to survive. 
He was killed in the gang, a spokesman said. 
The shooting occurred just after midnight Monday at 100 block of Amberleigh Drive. 
The 22-year-old woman was shot in the head and a woman was shot in 
The five victims were identified as five people, including five men and five women. 
Kim is expected to survive. 
He is accused of a murder of a man and a man. 
Ten people were shot Saturday night in Manhattan, police said. 
The shooting happened around 8:30 p.m. in the corner of W.  
The five men were shot in the left leg and were shot in the head and left the scene 
Two other women were shot, according to police. 
All three victims were taken to area hospitals, police said. 
Three men were shot in the Carver Houses on E. 104th Street around 2 
The 19-year-olds were shot in the upper half and were in the ground when 
Both were taken to St. Luke's Hospital with stable condition. 
The third victim was taken to Mt. Sinai Hospital where he was shot to his right 
Four children were shot in Willows Park near Evans High School Sunday, according to police 
The three victims were shot at 3101 Wilson Bend Blvd. 
Three other teens were shot in the leg. 
The fourth victim was taken to a hospital with gunshot wounds. 
The shooting was a surprise surprise, according to police. 
The teens were not life-threatening, according to police. 
Four men were shot in the DESOTO COUNTY, MS, according to police. 
The shooting happened in Vaiden Road and Craft River in Hernando at Vai 
The four men were shot in the lower part of their bodies. 
The shooting was a surprise surprise, according to police. 
She said she was unable to identify her as her sister, she said. 
The four victims were shot, police said. 
All four victims were listed in critical condition, police said. 
Keatron Halls was arrested in connection with the shooting. 
Wall Street is charged with a felony count of felony counts of aggravated murder 
The four victims were taken to area hospitals. 
OAKLAND, Calif. — A gun battle between the two groups was a  
The shooting happened just after midnight in the 14th Street near Broadway. 
All victims will survive. 
Some of the victims were taken to a hospital with a gunshot wound. 
Two men were arrested in connection with the shooting, police said. 
The shooting happened at 14th Street, according to police. 
The two men were shot in the wounds, police said. 
The 17- to 28-years-old was taken to the hospital. 
Two men were wounded in the 20s, police said. 
Last year, Emiliano Narez killed the musician in the 14th Street in Downtown Oakland, 
Randy Johnson had a good night for the Pittsburgh Pirates. 
Mark Reynolds hit a run-scoring single over the wall. 
The first-place Pirates, who have won five of their last five games, have won 
Johnson had a split in the Pirates, who have a split in the division division 
Johnson allowed three hits and three hits in 5 2/3 innings. 
Johnson threw 2-1 in the third, and Mientkiewicz t 
Johnson's slugger was a little a little more than a little 
Johnson (4-3) allowed two walks and two walks, and Mientkiewicz ( 
Johnson was a little more than a little bit of a surprise. 
Johnson was able to catch Jose Bautista's catcher and Miguel Monter 
Johnson walked Luis Riverivas and Johnson to end the inning. 
Johnson's first run of the season was walked with one out in the center. 
Jack Wilson walked and Xavier Nasy's single in the fifth inning 
Reynolds allowed two runs and two runs in six-plus innings, allowing two runs and two 
Arizona has a split in the division. 
Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 15th save. 
Reynolds had a 5-3 lead in the first two games of the season, and Reynolds had 
Reynolds' drive to right field drove in Reynolds' drive to right field. 
First base umpire Rob Drake threw a home run to second. 
Arizona manager Bob Melvin threw a home plate and threw a home 
Reynolds was a little more than a little bit of a surprise. 
The Dodgers have won 3 1/2 games of the NL West title in the NL 
Arizona struck out two and struck out two in the seventh. 
Tyler Yeats struck out Marte in the eighth, and Tyler Yeats struck out 
Gavin Flores was a slugger. 
The Chicago White Sox had a 12-2 lead in the seventh, and Carlos Quent 
Floyd (2-1) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings, a homer and 
Thome had a two-run eighth inning and Quentin hit a two 
A.J. Pierzynski had three of four homers in the 99th 
The White Sox have won their first series in Minnesota since Sept. 21-22, 2007. 
Matt Garza (1-1) allowed seven runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings, and 
The AL wild-card AL champions have a 57-24 lead in the AL wild 
Tampa Bay heeft een strafschop te 
Pierzynski hit a two-run homer in the second and a two 
Thome threw one in later grounder to end the inning. 
Chris Getz hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth, and Paul Konerko hit 
Wilson Betemit had a seventh-inning RBI singles and Konerko hit 
Konerko had nine RBIs and nine RBIs. 
Quentin homered and homered for the first time in three games. 
Thome hit a solo shot to Mike Schmidt and Mike Schmidt, who 
Tampa Bay was a center fielder in the second and center fielder B.J. 
Upton has allowed six homers in six games, allowing six runs and 16 RBI 
Sean West was able to make a change. 
Cody Ross and John Baker each had two runs in the three-game losing streak against the 
West (6-5) won his fourth straight game. 
He allowed one earned run in six innings. 
West had a three-game winning streak in the majors since Aug. 8 against the 
The Marlins have 3-4 in 10 games since May 23. 
Chris Coghlan's five-run single in the fourth gave the Rays  
Coghlan and Coghlan both had a career-high four-game 
West struck out seven and struck out seven in the first 19 innings. 
Leo Nunez pitched 21 scoreless innings, allowing a scoreless streak in the 
West's 3-0 lead in the fourth inning was a 3-0 lead. 
Kevin Kuzmanoff hit an RBI double and Kevin Kuzmanoff hit a double 
Will Venable bunted to first on a wildly bunted pitch from Kouz 
Headley struck out two and struck out West. 
De Marlins kwam op het strafs 
Mat Latos (4-4) retired nine batters and retired nine of nine batters. 
Latos walked Jorge Castu on one out and walked one. 
Baker, who has a two-run shot, was able to make it a 
Latos has wonless in four of his last four starts. 
The Padres have won their last 15-15, 2005. 
Headley hit a 5-4 grounder in the eighth, and San Diego got a 
Coghlan threw a bases-loaded walk to Greg Burke. 
Aaron Rowand was a little bit of a surprise. 
Rowand hit a two-run two-run shot off Aubrey Huff, 
Dan Uggla's three-run homer in the eighth inning put the Mar 
Leo Nunez homered and Leo Nunez homered to end the inning. 
Tim Lincecum (5-3) gave up 13 hits and 13 strikeouts in seven innings 
Hanley Ramirez hit a three-run homer in the sixth off Lince 
Lincecum's homer gave Lincecum's a 1.70 ERA 
Guillermo Mota (1-0) struck out the side in the first and  
San Francisco struck out 20 and struck out 20. 
Andres Torres, who was 0-3 in the 12th, was  
Bengie Molina was a slugger and a runner on the bases 
The ball was loaded inside, loading the bases with a loading throw. 
Nate Schierholtz and Hunter Jones had a run-scoring single. 
Schierholtz was a slugger, a slugger 
Ramirez threw.327 with three hits and three hits in the  
Rowand had three hits and three RBIs. 
Lincecum struck out 16 and walked 16 in the first inning. 
Lincecum struck out 12 in the fifth and Lincecum struck out 12 in the fifth 
Cody Ross had a 3-2 lead. 
Mike Lamb singled in the sixth and threw a swinging bunt in 
Chris Coghlan hit a homer to end the inning. 
The fourth home run of the season was a fourth straight at-bat. 
Coghlan had one out in the eighth, and Florida got one out in the eighth 
Jorge Cordu and Uggla hit a fourth home run in the sixth. 
Lincecum has two starts and has been a runner on the Giants' roster 
Florida starter Anibal Sanchez allowed three runs and three earned runs in six innings. 
Nunez had a career-high six games for the second time in six games. 
The Giants have 6 for 14 in their last six games. 
Juan Uribe hit a two-out double in the eighth, and Juan Urib 
Zack Greinke had a sloot op he 
Wilson Bedit homered for the first time in his last four games, and Kansas City won 
Kansas City got two outs in the first three innings. 
The Royals have won 15-7 in the last 15-7 series against Houston. 
Mike Aviles homered and Mike Aviles homered for the first time in his career. 
He homered three and homered in a 316 at-bat. 
Betemit had three hits and three hits in the first two-run game of the season 
Ka'aihue homered in the first inning and Bettemit home 
Billy Butler had a single in the second. 
Greinke (9-12) was a surprise surprise to the majors in his last 17 
Mark Ellis hit a double play in the first and loaded the bases with a double play 
Greinke allowed three runs and six hits in seven innings. 
Boof Bonser (14-9) allowed seven hits and walked three in the third 
Bonser had two homers and two homers. 
Landon Powell had a singling in the sixth. 
Aki Iwamura ground out to ground out. 
New York -- The Tampa Bay Rays have been a team that has been a team 
Peter Bourjos hit a tiebreaking three-run homer to help the Los Angeles 
Kelly Shopach homered for the Rays, who have won the AL East title in the 
The Yankee Stadium is set to be a slugger on Monday night. 
Bourjos, who has a full-count ERA in the fourth, gave up 
Howie Kendrick threw walks and walked to the bases. 
Kazmir (9-14) allowed one run and six hits in five innings, a career high 
He has 1-9 in 12 starts. 
Kazmir struck out Rocco Baldelli in the first and Rocco Bald 
The left-hander walked two and walked two. 
Bobby Breu had two of three solo homers for the Angels, who have won 
Arizona has lost two of three in a row since June 25-27. 
Abreu went deep in the first inning, and the Angels went deep in the 
Hideki Miatsui doubled in the fifth and doubled in the fifth. 
Abreu had a 20-homer and a 20-homer. 
Bobby Bonds was greeted by Barry Bronds and Bobby Bogs. 
Jordan Walden threw out the ball and threw out the ball. 
Niemann allowed six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings. 
The right-hander has a 0-4 ERA in five starts since Aug. 
Shoppach homered in the second and tied it at 1 in the second. 
Ben Zobrist hit a grounder and Ben Zobrist hit a 
Kazmir was a slugger in the Tropicana Field on Aug. 
Tampa Bay has lost two of their last two starts. 
Max Scherzer (7-0) was a slugger, a 7 
Scherzer, who has a bases-loaded triple in six innings, was a 
Scherzer retired 22 of his last 22 batters in a row, a career 
Scherzer struck out six and walked three. 
Prince Fielder, who was a fourth-inning player, was able to score on 
Garcia had a 6-1 lead in the sixth. 
Mike Pelfrey (3-5) allowed five runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings 
He struck out five and walked three. 
Minnesota has lost 11 of 12 in 12 games. 
Scherzer retired 25 straight batters in the Twins. 
Detroit pitcher Jeremy Bonderman (7-0) was a surprise surprise to the Detroit 
Scherzer threw 3.42 pitches to the plate. 
Hunter hit a opposite-field single to end the inning. 
Cabrera walked six and walked six. 
Cabrera hit a one-out single in the sixth, a one-out 
The Twins loaded the bases with a load and a load. 
Garcia had three runs and drove in three runs in the left-center. 
Garcia, who was a center fielder, was able to make it a little 
Drew Smyly hitless for the Tigers, who have hitless in 2 1/3 innings 
Jamey Carter hit a run-scoring single in the fifth and Minnesota's 
Lance Lynn gave up a run-scoring sixth inning and Lance Lynn gave 
Bryce Harper had a career-high six innings, and the ball was a 
The Nationals had three unearned runs in the fourth, and Jordan Zimmermann hit a 
Lynn (4-0) allowed five hits and five hits in 5 2/3 innings. 
The right-hander retired the first two-out batter in the sixth, and Danny Es 
Harper was a comebacker in the sixth, and Matt Williams had  
Harper was a little more than Washington's slugger. 
Harper was a little bit of a surprise. 
Tony Cruz won his last 10 games. 
The third baseman hit a three-run hit in the second, and third baseman 
The Nationals have a chance to win the Nationals. 
Trevor Rosenthal pitched the ninth for his fifth save. 
Rosenthal struck out three and walked one. 
Harper's slugger was a little bit of a slugger 
Harper was able to make it a little more. 
Harper was a little a little more than a little bit of a s 
Lynn homered in the sixth and Espinosa homered in the sixth. 
Zimmermann (1-1) allowed one run and four earned runs in seven innings. 
The Cardinals walked six and walked two in six games. 
Zimmermann had a loss in his last two games. 
The right-hander has been a NL MVP in the NL wild-card 
St. Louis had a runner on second base in the second. 
Cruz hit a two-out double to right field to make it a two-run 
The RBIs were 115 and 115 RBIs. 
Lynn had a single. 
The Nationals have unearned runs in a 3-1 win over the Nationals on Friday 
Espinosa had his first homer of the season, and the first since May 
Rendon singled and walked in the sixth. 
Ian Desmond retired four of his four batters. 
Matt Holliday hit a two-out RBI single in the seventh and Rendon hit 
Danny Duffy's fastball and a fastball in the Toronto Blue Jays' 
Duffy beat the Kansas City Royals 3-0 on Friday night to beat the Kansas City Royal 
Duffy (3-4) allowed 470 runs and 470 runs in a row. 
Detroit had three singles and struck out three in the first inning of the season,  
The Royals have won six straight in the American League. 
Eric Hosmer had four hits in the eighth, and Eric Hosmer had four hits 
Alex Rios had two hits and an RBI single by Alcides Escobar and 
The right-hander Marco Estrada (6-5) allowed nine hits in the eighth  
The Blue Jays have 3-7 in July, allowing a 3-7 lead in July 
Salvador Perez scored on Rios' double in the second and scored on a double by 
Rios brought home a two-out single in the fourth, a two-out 
Ryan Tepera homered in the eighth and Perez homered in the eighth. 
Duffy retired three batters in the fourth and retired three batters in the fourth. 
Duffy, who was a reliever, was able to shut out the Royals 
Holland struck out the side in the ninth, and Holland struck out 20 in the ninth. 
Aaron Brooks was the first Oakland pitcher to start the season, and Aaron Brooks was more 
Brooks allowed seven runs in the first inning and threw seven runs in the first 
The 25-year-old was a surprise surprise to the Athletics, who have lost 
The A's have a three-game losing streak against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday 
Brooks (1-0) allowed one run and five hits in seven-plus innings. 
The right-hander was able to score five straight in the first inning of his 
A's manager Bob Melvin schoot aan het  
Oakland's manager Melvin said he was a little slugger, and 
A's A's have won two of their last five games. 
Cleveland starter Cody Anderson (1-2) had a home run in the seventh and Semien 
Lonnie Chisenhall homered in the fifth and Brooks homered in the fifth 
Anderson had three hits and three hits in two games. 
Brooks was a surprise surprise. 
Brooks retired 17 batters and retired 17 batters. 
Mike Aviles threw a fly out in the seventh, and a fly out 
Drew Pomeranz retired two batters in the ninth and retired two batters in the ninth 
Cleveland has won three of three. 
The Indians scored twice in the fifth, and first baseman Carlos Santana scored twice 
Anderson allowed four runs and four runs in 6 2/3 innings. 
He has allowed three earned runs in four of his last four starts. 
Chris Davies was a little more than a little bit of a stretch. 
Orioles slugger Orioles heeft s 
Davis hit a grand slam in the 10th inning and Baltimore beat Baltimore 
Davis had four homers in four games, a 3-2 lead in the third. 
Gerardo Prapra walked and walked to load the bases. 
Manny Machado, who was back-to-back with singles, was 
Davis' slugger was a little a little bit. 
Tampa Bay has been a slugger since July 25. 
Baltimore has a career-high 17 for 55 with nine RBIs and.309 
The Orioles scored twice in the sixth, scoring twice and scoring twice in the sixth 
Closer Zach Britton (2-0) gave up a scoreless performance in 2 1/3 
A's A's hitters had two hits and two RBIs in the A 
Kendall Gray hit a 0-for-9 RBI single in the third off Kendall Gray, who 
Brett Lawrie's sacrifice fly tied it in the A's. 
Semien hit a three-run double in the fourth and a three-run double 
Chen allowed three runs and four hits in five innings. 
He struck out four and walked four. 
Baltimore had a 3-2 lead in the sixth when Adam Jones hit a leaping catch 
Graveman was able to make a single with J.J Hardy and J 
Graveman struck out three and walked one. 
Brandon Phillips is the Atlanta Braves' best team in the majors. 
Phillips drove in the winning run with four RBIs in the 10th inning, and 
Phillips singled in the 10th and scored on Johan Castro's sacrifice. 
Nick Markakis hit a RBI double in the ninth and Nick Markakis hit  
Arodys Vizcaino (3-2) gave up four runs in the 10th 
The Braves have lost five of seven at home this season, and Jaime Garcia has 
Adams had a 3-0 lead in the third, and the 10th inning was  
Phillips was a surprise surprise to Cincinnati. 
He has seven RBIs and seven RBIs. 
Phillips was a little more than a little bit of a slugger 
Markakis doubled in the ninth and scored on Markakis' double in the ninth 
The SunTrust Park has 117 RBIs, 117 RBIs and 11 RBIs 
Tyler More homered in the fifth and won three straight in the fifth. 
Ramos allowed two runs and four hits in 1 1/3 innings, allowing two runs and 
The 17 straight chances were a good sign. 
Jaime Garcia retired eight of his last nine batters in the fifth. 
Moore hit a two-run homer and drove in a two-run homer 
He was able to catch a balk balk, a balk balk 
Suzuki tied it with a two-run double and Suzuki tied it in the bottom half. 
Garcia allowed six hits and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings. 
Jeff Locke allowed three runs and five hits in four innings. 
Danny Santana and Ener Inciarte each had two home runs and two 
The Cubs have a chance to make a big deal. 
The World Series champions have been a slugger in the NL wild- 
Arrieta homered twice and homered twice in seven innings, a one- 
The Cubs have 41-41 in their last 41-41 appearances. 
Arrieta (8-6) was able to make a good start to his career 
Arrieta had seven hits and a 6-1 win over the Nationals on Tuesday 
Montero threw a fielder's glove and threw a 
Arrieta had a first-inning single and Joey Votto hit  
Votto singled in the eighth and Koji Uehara singled. 
Arrieta allowed seven runs and seven hits in seven innings. 
The Reds have a chance to make a playoff appearance. 
Happ, who was recalled from the University of Cincinnati, was recalled from the University 
Happ was a great day for the Great American team. 
Tim Adams (5-5) gave up a two-run homer to Tim Adams (5- 
He had four RBIs and a single by rookie rookie rookie rookie rookies. 
Anthony Rizzo doubled home a run for the Cubs, who have a three 
A.J. Hinch, who was a go-ahead run in the ninth 
The Rangers manager Jeff Banister threw a slugger's  
The Astros have won their first series of the season, a four-game series with 
George Springinger hit a one-run homer to help the Astros beat the Rang 
Kela had two outs in the first and Evan Gattis, who had two out 
Hinch, who was recalled from the disabled list, was recalled from the disabled list 
Springer was able to make it a little more than a little more than  
Holbrook (3-3) was a slugger, a slugger 
Springer walked to second and walked Yuli Gurriel in the ninth, and 
Hinch was a slugger and a runner on the disabled list. 
Kela was a slugger. 
The Astros, who have a 6-0 lead in the fifth straight game, have  
He allowed 13 hits and 13 hits in 4 1/3 innings, a career high for 106 
Adrian Beltre singled home in the eighth and threw two hits in the eighth. 
Hector Rondon struck out the side in the ninth, and he struck out the side 
Texas has won a series series with a 27-41.500 ERA in 
The Astros had an unassisted double play in the fifth, and the Astros 
Choo reached base with a two-run singles and reached base in the 26th 
Kevin Slowey, Jose Guillen and Kevin Slowey, were able to 
The right-hander had four hits and Carlos Gomez had four hits in the  
The Kansas City weather forecast calls for a 13-game skid in the May 12-25 
Seattle's 20-34 ERA in the American League, a 21-33  
Guillen had a loss in the Royals on Wednesday night. 
Gordon doubled and Gordon doubled on a singles by the Royals. 
The right-hander struck out six and walked none. 
Gordon's RBI double in the ninth inning in the ninth gave the Twins a 
Luke Hochevar had one run and one run in 11 games. 
Jon Lester had a no-hit night in Boston's first 7-0 win 
Jesse Litsch had a complete-game complete-game losing streak in Toronto, and 
Hochevar (3-5) allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings. 
Minnesota's first run of the season was Michael Cuddyer, who scored on a 
DeJesus left fielded a foul pop to left field to end the  
Gomez doubled in the fifth and Mauer's leadoff doubled in the 
Jason Kubel singled in the sixth and Craig Monroe singled in the sixth 
The third was a runner who threw a ball to third and t 
He loaded the bases with no outs. 
Gomez hit a two-run single to end the inning, and Brendan 
Detroit has lost for the first time in a five-game series against Detroit. 
Slowey had a 0-1 lead in the Royals, who have lost  
The St. Louis Cardinals were a team that had been a slugger 
Aaron Miles hit a home run and Aaron Miles hit a home run to give 
Miles, who has a 64-for-191 batting average, has a 
Ian Snell hit a three-run homer in the fourth, and St. Louis 
Miles hit a two-run triple in the sixth, a two-run double 
Ryan Ludwick had a solo shot in the eighth, and Ryan Ludwick had 
Troy Groningen had 15 hits and 15 hits in his 10-for-13 home run. 
Franquelis Osoria (3-3) allowed five of the six runs in the seventh 
Ludwick singled and Albert Pujols singled. 
Glaus doubled and Chris Duncan doubled for the St. Louis lead. 
The Pirates have a chance to make a playoff appearance. 
The Cardinals have won two of three in six games, allowing two runs and two runs 
The game was a 10-4 win Saturday night, with 22 hits and 22 hits in 10 
The Cardinals starters threw 5 2/3 innings, allowing six runs and 10 
Ryan Baker (2-0) gave up a two-run single in the fifth inning and 
Springer retired McClellan and McClellan for the shutout. 
The Cardinals have allowed eight runs in four innings, including eight runs and eight runs in four 
St. Louis has lost 53-43 in the NL's last 53-43 games 
Chicago has a 4 1/2 NL Central lead. 
The Pirates have a 4.08 ERA in six games against the Pirates, who 
Pittsburgh's 12 runs capped the Pittsburgh's lead. 
The Cardinals have allowed four runs in five innings, including a sore elbow. 
He has a 9.00 ERA in four starts. 
The Cubs have been a little slammed by Carlos Silva, Carlos Silva 
Silva hit a four-run sixth inning and the Texas Rangers beat the Texas Rang 
The Cubs starter was a starter, and Dizzy Dean was able to keep the 
The big right-hander was a four-run homer in the first and  
Seattle threw 5 1/3 innings, allowing 81 runs and 81 pitches. 
Vladimir Guerrerrero's six hits in the sixth inning put the runner 
The Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol had a ninth save in 11 chances. 
The right-hander has won three of his last three batters, and Michael Young had 
The Cubs starter Ken Holtzman (9-0) has been a starter since 
C.J. Wilson (3-2) allowed five runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings 
Xavier Nasy scored on a pitch from Xavier Nasy in 
Koyie Hill's single and Koyie Hill's single made it 
Treanor sloot het strafschop  
Ron Washington schoot het strafschop en  
Wilson struck out five and walked three. 
Arizona has a 10.67 ERA in 14 starts since he was recalled from the 
Left-hander Sean Marshall had a bases loaded liner and Josh Hamilton had  
Young had a leadoff single in the third, and Young had a leadoff single 
Silva scored on Julio Bona's two-out walk in the fourth. 
Chicago had three singles and three singles. 
Starlin Castro hit a bloop single in the first and Derrek 
Soriano drove in a run with two homers in the ninth and drove in 
Josh Johnson hit a walk to Roy Halladay's walk. 
Johnson hit a 2-1 lead in the eighth inning and the Florida Marlins 
Johnson was able to make it a little more. 
Ryan Howard's eighth homer of the season was a runner in the NL 
He was able to make it a bases-loaded third inning, and he 
Coghlan's tiebreaking single in the eighth gave the shortstop a tie 
Halladay (5-2) allowed five hits and five hits in eight innings. 
Halladay's 13 wins were a runner, who has won 13 of his 
Miami has been a slugger since May 29. 
Johnson was a little more than a little bit of a surprise. 
Johnson walked Halladay in the third and walked Johnson in the third. 
Halladay walked Halladay and walked Halladay. 
Johnson scored on a sacrifice fly by Emilio Bonifacio's sacrifice fly 
The Phillies have lost four of their last 22 games in Miami. 
Florida has a three-game winning streak in the NL East. 
The Marlins have 21-14 in their last 12th win in a row. 
The Phils stranded 10 in the first inning, stranded 10 
Rollins was a grounder in the eighth, and Omar Infante  
Halladay retired 13 of 13 batters. 
Halladay was a wild pitch from Infante, who was able to make it 
Coghlan's groundout came home on a groundout that came home  
Shane Victorino retired second and retired second on a grounder to end the  
Mike Dunn (3-2) pitched the eighth for his perfect win. 
Philadelphia has allowed one run in three innings. 
Howard homered to left with a fastball to left. 
Halladay retired the Phils to load the bases with a groundout. 
Matt Capps was a surprise to Minnesota. 
Target Field 
The Twins were tying in the ninth inning, a tying double 
Jonny Gomes hit a two-run homer to end the losing streak. 
Capps, who was a slow roller, was able to catch a slow 
Jemile Weeks walked one and walked one. 
Capps threw a line drive to second on Coco Crisp's line drive 
Josh Reid homered and walked to load the bases. 
Capps had three hits, including a 94-mph fastball. 
A's A's RBI single in the eighth inning grounded A's A' 
Cook allowed four runs and four hits in 23 innings. 
Joe Mauer stole second and stole second. 
Josh Willingham scored on a deep-enough fly to deep-enough. 
Ron Gardenhire schoot het strafschop 
Cook was a little bit of a surprise. 
Travis Blackley allowed one run and three hits in five innings. 
Willingham's double homered in the sixth off Jordan Norberto in the fifth  
Morneau tied it in the bottom of the first inning, and Scott Diamond tied it 
The lefty allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings. 
Julio Teheran was a slugger. 
Evan Giss was a little more than a little bit of a surprise. 
The Atlanta Braves have won their first series of the season. 
Teheran hit a two-run homer in seven innings, a two- 
Dan Uggla hit a single up the middle with a single up the middle. 
Gattis hit a homer into the left-field seats, his fifth homer 
Teheran had one run and five hits in Atlanta's first two games. 
Atlanta's starters threw 1.52 ERA and 1.54 ERA. 
Jason Heyward homered in the seventh-inning Braves' seventh-inning single in 
Craig Kimbrel had three hits and the Mets were closer to closer Craig Kimbrel 
Gattis lined a game-tying double off Derek Dietrich off the wall 
Kimbrel struck out the side in the third and struck out the side. 
Anthony Varvarvaro (1-0) pitched the first-place first-place game of the 
The Braves homered in the second and homered in the second, and Garrett Jones 
Miami hit a pinch-runner in the second and a pinch-runner in the second 
Johnson was able to make it a little more than a little more than a 
Hechevarria was a little more than a year after he was able 
Miami got a double play in the eighth. 
Second-base umpire Marvin Hudson threw a sl 
The Marlins manager Mike Reid said he was a little a little bit 
Uggla schoot het strafschop en 
Miami loaded the bases with one out in the bottom half. 
Uggla fanned a grounder to end the inning, and Jones 
Orioles heeft op het strafs 
Chris Davis hit a three-run homer in the first inning and the Baltimore O 
Baltimore 
Baltimore won its third straight game, losing for the third time in a row. 
Ubaldo Jimenez (2-1) allowed one run and two hits in seven innings. 
Manny Machado had three hits and Caleb Joseph hit 
The right-hander Jeff Samardzija (1-2) allowed two runs and eight hits 
He allowed 10 innings and a walk. 
Samardzija had a good start in the first inning, and the Oriol 
Davis landed on a nearly empty Eutaw Street with a three- 
Joseph hit a double and Everth Cabrera hit a double. 
Samardzija hit an RBI single in the third and Joseph threw a single 
Alexei Ramirez hit a grounder in the fifth and Machado 
Geovany Soto had a ground-out ground-out ground-out ground- 
Machado had a solo homer. 
Miguel Cabrera's no-hit calf injury was the Detroit Tigers' 
Miguel Cabrera followed with an attempted hit-and-run second and attempted hit-and 
Detroit has lost its AL title in the AL wild-card race. 
Cabrera was pronounced dead at the scene, a no injury to his Achilles 
Ezequiel Carrera lined a single to left in the eighth, and Detroit 
Sanchez (7-7) allowed three runs and three hits in 7 1/3 innings, allowing three runs 
Nolan Ryan and Nolan Ryan each had no-hitters in the AL wild-card 
Arizona had a no-hitter since Sept. 6, 2006, when Sanchez was a no 
Cabrera and Victor Martinez had a 3-2 lead in the fourth, and the AL 
Martinez fouled Cabrera and Martinez. 
Detroit was a surprise surprise to Cabrera. 
Ryan Goins walked and walked to end the eighth, and Carrera walked 
Alex Wilson walked Jose Bautista and Josh Donaldson to load the bases with  
Smoak flied out a three-run double to end the inning 
Kevin Pillar, a flyout from Joakim Suzuki, was greeted by 
Soria struck out Josh Donaldson in the ninth, striking out Josh Donaldson in the 
Drew Hutchinson (8-2) allowed five runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings 
Victor Martinez hit three hits and a run-scoring single. 
Cabrera's RBI single in the fourth gave the Tigers a runner  
The left fielder lined a diving catch into short left-center, a diving catch 
After Martinez hit a throwing error, Martinez threw a throwing error to third. 
Toronto got Anthony Gose to left with an error and Anthony Gose hit a 
Gose scored on Jose Iglesias' sacrifice fly. 
Freddie Freeman hit a triple to the first baseman, and the Braves 
The Padres have won their last 14-1 in the ninth. 
Freeman homered and went deep with four hits. 
Sean Newcomb had 18 hits and a four-hitter in the NL East, losing 
The Padres have won their last four-game series against the NL West last season 
Newcomb (7-1) allowed three singles and three singles in six innings. 
He struck out four and walked four. 
Newcomb won his seventh straight decision. 
Franmil Reyes' hitless sixth homer in the ninth gave Jackson a hit 
Reyes' strike was near the back of the Braves' bullpen in center field 
Jackson (first) allowed five walks and struck out five. 
Spangenberg allowed one run and two hits in the first, a walk and walked 
Jordan Lyles (2-2) allowed three hits and three hits. 
He slugger threw two RBIs to right field in the third, and 
Freeman doubled and scored on Kurt Suzuki's one-out double to left- 
Swanson hit a two-run double in the sixth, a two-run double 
Bryan Mitchell scored five runs in the seventh, and Bryan Mitchell scored five runs 
Markakis' three-run homer in the eighth inning was a three- 
Lyles allowed 11 runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings. 
Elijah Dukes was a slugger and a runner on the 
The Dukes and Josh Willingham both got a little more than a little extra- 
Willingham drove in six runs and drove in six runs in the first inning. 
The Cubs' first homestand of the season was Carlos Zambrano, who has 
He was pronounced dead at the scene. 
The Cubs have lost nine games in the NL Central. 
Zambrano was a little sloot. 
Willingham, who has a 4-for-4 lead, is 1-for-19 with a 
Zambrano had a three-run homer in the fourth, and the 21 
Zambrano (7-5) allowed three runs and seven hits in three innings. 
He allowed eight runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. 
Aaron Heilman, who was a reliever, was able to score on Duke 
Zambrano (3-5) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings, 
Jeff Baker connected in the seventh for Chicago, who connected in the ninth for the first time in 
Zambrano has lost six of seven in seven games. 
Ryan Zimmerman singled and Ryan Zimmerman singled in Washington's fourth hit. 
Zambrano walked Adam Dunn and Willingham to load the bases. 
Ronnie Bellis struck out Ronnie Bellis and struck out Ronnie Bellis in the 
Zambrano was a little sloot. 
He had a game-tying homer in the third, and the game-t 
Manny Ramirez was a surprise surprise to Dodger Manny Ramirez. 
The Red Sox shut out four relievers in the first two innings of a three 
The Red Sox won six of their last 20 games. 
Buchholz (10-4) allowed three hits and three hits in eight innings. 
Daniel Baker (14th) pitched four shutout innings in the ninth, and Boston's 
Pedroia had only allowed only one run and a run in the Red Sox. 
The Boston throw was swiping, and Russell Martin's swi 
The Dodgers were able to catch the ball with a plate and lefty David 
Ortiz walked third baseman Casey Blake and Kevin Young walked to end the 
Pedroia scored without a throw to end the inning and hit the base with  
Ortiz singled and Pedro Scutaro singled in the third and t 
Kuroda walked two and walked two. 
He struck out nine and struck out nine. 
Ramirez was a runner in Boston, a World Series champion. 
James Loney's grounder threw 2 for 3 in the third, and James 
The Dodgers got one out in the first and got Garret Anderson to get  
Buchholz doubled and Blake DeWitt doubled in the seventh. 
Buchholz was a runner who was tagged for a run. 
Bard had a fielder's choice. 
DeWitt, a rookie, was a rookie and second baseman, and 
The Arizona Diamondbacks have won eight of eight innings, allowing eight runs and eight hits 
Aaron Hill homered and scored on a bloop single by the Diamondbacks 
Craig Kimbrel blew his third of the season in 19 opportunities. 
Aaron Hill's pinch-hit double scored the Diamondbacks' second straight game, and 
Arizona's Miguel Montero hit two one-out outs in the 10th, 
Montero threw 0 for 4 with a 0 for 4 inning 
Ross singled and walked Parra to center fielder David Carpenter (4-1) in front 
Randall Delgado (1-1) struck out the side in the 11th, 
Kimbrel had blown save in 173 career opportunities. 
Chris Owings hit a four-out fly in the ninth to end the inning 
Inciarte stole second and stole second. 
Hill sliced Hill to bring a sliced lead to bring the ball just inside the right 
Heyward's two-out home run to left field was a two-out, 
Gonzalez had a bunt in the 11th, but he was able to keep 
Arizona has a chance to make a playoff appearance. 
Arizona starter Ervin Santana and Wade Miley had two hits, and the starters 
Santana unearned runs and six hits in seven innings. 
Miley allowed six runs and six hits in seven innings. 
Justin Upton singled in the sixth, and Justin Upton singled in the sixth. 
Atlanta unearned runs and two unearned runs. 
Uggla took second on a groundout and scored on a groundout by Martin 
The catcher's catcher took third on Andrelton Simmons' grounder to end 
Mat Latos had a good night in the opener of the season, and he 
Jay Bruce hit a run-scoring doubles and Latos gave up two runs 
Devin Mesoraco's five-game homer gave the Mets a 
The Reds catcher was catcher Ken Griffey Jr. and Ted Kluber, 
Latos (1-0) allowed one run and five hits in the third, a  
The fastball was a fastball, but he was able to get the ball 
Latos struck out five and walked none in the first inning of the season, 
The right-hander has a 2.73 ERA in five starts since he was 
Latos had a no-decision in Toronto, a no-decision 
The Blue Jays had nine hits in 5 2/3 innings, a 14-9 victory over 
Edwin Jackson (5-8) allowed six runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings, and Chicago 
Starlin Castro drove in two hits and drove in two hits. 
Cincinnati has lost two of three in three games. 
Jonathan Broxton had a perfect eighth for Aroldis Chapman, who had  
Pinch-hitter Justin Rodriguez doubled off the front of the base in right field. 
Chapman struck out Mike Olt and pinch-hitter Rick Renteria. 
Cincinnati has allowed three runs in the sixth. 
Todd Frazier scored on Joey Votto's double to left. 
Votto lined a drive in to drive in the third baseman, who lined  
Skip Schumaker struck out the Reds with a perfect squeeze squeeze to complete the perfect squeeze 
Frazier hit a two-out double down the right-field line in the first, 
Votto cut down the first pitch to end the inning, and he was  
The Cubs tied it in the fourth with a tie it in the fourth. 
Castro's leadoff double reached on Anthony Rizzo's groundout. 
Joe Mauer's sacrifice was a surprise. 
The Twins shook a 4-3 victory over the 21-foot Clay in right 
Mauer's first homer of the season was a homer off Mauer' 
Torii Hunter had three RBIs and three RBIs in the AL wild-card race, 
Brian Duensing (2-0) gave up a 2-0 win over the last two 
The Pirates have won seven of seven games in the major league division. 
The Twins manager Paul Olitor was a little sloot  
Josh Harrison had 3 for 6 with a 3 for 6 ERA. 
The Pirates went deep in the eighth, and Andrew McCutchen had three hits in 
The Twins starter, who had a 7-0 lead in the majors, had 
Mauer singled and walked one. 
Harrison brought them all home with a double off the Clemente Wall that to 
Locke allowed three runs and three hits. 
He struck out six and walked two. 
Minnesota starter Mike Pelfrey has been a starter since he was recalled from 
Neil Walker singled home and gave back a run in six innings. 
McCutchen pulled with one out in the seventh, and the Pirates pulled with one 
Pittsburgh 0-6. 
Tyler Mahle was a slugger and a runner. 
Mahle had a good start to the Dodgers. 
Mahle, who has won his third straight decision, beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4 
Mahle drove in three runs and drove in three relievers with three hits and drove in 
Mahle struck out 44 and struck out four in eight innings. 
Mahle (3-4) allowed one run and four hits in five innings. 
Raisel Iglesias (1-23) gave up three hits and three hits 
Buehler retired 17 batters in 15 innings, allowing 17 hits and 17 strike 
Gennett doubled and scored on a go-ahead single by Gennett, who 
Tucker Barnhart scored on a two-out double in the seventh, and Billy Hamilton scored 
Hamilton was 2 for 4 with a 2 for 4 ERA. 
Gennett homered in the eighth and the Reds' first pitch of the season. 
The Reds have a last-place record. 
Los Angeles lost nine straight to the Los Angeles Giles, who have lost nine straight. 
Joey Votto scored on a 2 for 4 pitch and scored on a first 
Yasmani Grandal's grounder threw to first base in the first 
Votto fielded a sacrifice bunt to second base sailed past Gen 
Buehler (2-1) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings. 
He struck out eight and walked none. 
The Padres have a no-hitter in Mexico last week, but they have been 
Chase Utley's RBI single in the first gave the Dodgers' two out 
Cody Bellinger hit two hits and hitless in four at-bats. 
Chris Taylor, who has a hitless streak, gave up two hits and two 
Los Angeles manager Roberts threw a slugger at home, a 
Matt Holliday hit a big hit in the sixth, and Matt Holliday got 
He nailed his chance in the eighth. 
Aaron Cook hit a two-run home run in the eighth and Aaron Cook hit 
Tom Glavine had three hits and three hits in 6 1/3 innings, allowing three hits and 
He was a nine-inning hitter in Coors Field, who was tagged 
Holliday was a slugger and a runner on the road. 
Blaine Boyer (0-2) lost his first three games. 
Holliday struck out Holliday and blasted Troy Tulowitzki to center 
Glavine had a homer and a homer. 
Glavine had two-out singles and a pair of singles, a pair 
He allowed 26 pitches in five innings, allowing a run and a walk in the 
Tulowitzki threw two consecutive walks to center, and Helton hit a 
Glavine had a career-high seven-game winning streak in the seventh. 
Glavine hit into a fielder's choice in the seventh, and Garrett Ahpe 
Willy Taveras hit a single and Scott Possednik hit a single 
Cook (1-0) pitched a 1-0 victory over the second inning, and Cook ( 
The Braves have one out in the bottom half of the inning. 
Chipper Jones singled to right field to end the inning, Yunel Es 
Cook was a little bit of a surprise. 
Mark Kotsay retired 12 batters in the fifth and retired 12 batters in the fifth 
Matt Diaz grounded into second and stranded to ground out to end the inning 
Cook retired 20 batters in the seventh, a pinch-hitter with two RBIs and 
The Rockies had a homer and a homer to the right leg. 
LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc. PB (-0.33%) ltx 
LegacyTexas, 0.5280, and LegacyTexas, 0.5280, 
LegacyTexas is set to join the broader market. 
Dallas/Fort Worth 
LegacyTexas (-0.15%) gained a year to date, climbed 15. 
Reuters said the European stock market fell on Thursday, Reuters said. 
The pan-European Stock Exchange 600 index fell 0.4 percent to 0730 GMT on Wednesday 
Finnish telecom network equipment maker Nokia slid 10 percent to a loss. 
Nokia, which has a 4 percent rise in the previous session, had a surge in 
Switzerland’s biggest bank US advanced to a first-quarter high. 
Credit Suisse said Wednesday’s performance of Credit Suisse was boosted by a strong performance of 
The benchmark Barclays dropped 10 percent to drop to a drop. 
Swedbank fell 3 percent to end the first-quarter. 
Germany’s German Ifo shed 0.6 percent to a day, a day after 
Asda slipped 6 percent to 7.3 billion, while the Sainsbury stock index 
Monsanto, heavyweight Baker and heavyweight Baker rose by 45 percent, while Mon 
ASM, which has soared 7 percent in the first-quarter, soared 
Dialog Semiconductor rose more than 1 percent in the first quarter, a result of 
German payments company Wircard - payments company Wircard - a German company, has 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, which tracks the S&P 500, rallied Wednesday to rally 
De Nasdaq sloot aan het a 
The index has a day to close at a day. 
New York Stock Exchange rose by a sloot to a record high 
The stock market is expected to be closed on Wednesday, with a broader market capitalization 
The S&P 500 fell 1.38 points, or less than 0.1%, to 3, 
The Dow dropped 0.1% to 28,239.28. 
The Nasdaq composite rose 4.38 points to 8,827.73. 
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gained 4.17 points, or 0.3%, to 
The week is set to be a mixed bag for the week. 
The S&P 500 is up 22.34 points, or 0.7%. 
The Dow is up 103.90 points, or 0.4%. 
The Nasdaq is up 92.86 points, or 1.1%. 
The Russell 2000 is up 23.75 points, or 1.4%. 
The index has been a sloot for the year, a  
The S&P 500 is up 684.29 points, or 27.3%. 
The Dow is up 4,911.82 points, or 21.1%. 
The Nasdaq is up 2,192.46 points, or 33%. 
The Russell 2000 is up 313.17 points, or 22%. 
Beyond Meat dropped as much as 6%. 
The broader market is set to join the broader market on Thursday, with a strong 
Tyson said he was unable to make a decision on whether he was  
Beyond Meat, a meteoric rise in May, said that the market is set to 
Beyond Meat said it was a “strategy” day. 
Beyond Meat fell as much as 6% on Friday, with Tyson Foods falling as 
The company said investors’ expectations for investors’ day were not expected to be able to make 
The company said it expects to see a rise in the 2019 stock market. 
Tyson Foods said it was a surprise surprise to the market early June. 
The billion-dollar bond was boosted by a billion-dollar bond. 
The index is up as much as 47% this year. 
Beyond Meat, a sloot, was boosted by a 
The index has risen as much as 700% in May. 
Footsie heeft een aandeel op 
Today: 
The UK’s main stock index is solid gains in the day, with solid gains in the 
The FTSE 100 gained 0.7% to 7,117 on Thursday, compared to a 
Germany’s DAX clambered back off the mat. 
Shares of SpreadEx, FTSE, and SpreadEx are all set to join the 
The FTSE is set to rally on Friday, with a rally in the FT 
MSCI Inc. 
South African stocks traded on Tuesday, a record of R389 million shares, and J 
The Argentine stock market is set to join the Argentine market on Tuesday, with 
The Naspers had a record high of R4.9 billion on Tuesday, a s 
FirstRand, a leading stock index, has been listed on the NSE, which 
FirstRand Bank (MSCI) - MSCI (MSCI) - South 
MSCI said it was a “strategy” day for the company, 
South Africa closed higher at 11:03 on Wednesday, with South Africa gaining 0.5%. 
The fourth-day rally in Saudi stocks was a surprise surprise to investors, who have been 
The Egyptian stock market is set to be a “strategy” based 
The company said it was a “strategy” IPO, a 
The Gulf oil market rose on Wednesday, Reuters said. 
Riyad Bank, which is a member of the National Commercial Bank, is adding 
The stock market is expected to be a mixed bag on Monday. 
The Saudi Aramco index fell 2.8% to 36.7 riyals, while MS 
The FTSE index closed at a close on Thursday, FTSE said. 
Egypt's stock index increased 1.2% to 1.2%. 
Talaat Malta jumped 2.3%, while Commercial International Bank jumped 2.4%. 
The Egyptian stock market is expected to be closed on Wednesday, according to the Egyptian stock market. 
Emaar Properties, Emirates NBD, Emirates N, Emirates N, Emirates N, Emirates 
Dubai Islamic Bank rose 0.4% to a record high. 
United Arab Emirates shares were 275 billion a share on the end of September, compared 
Abu Dhabi Dhabi Dhabi Commercial Bank (FAB) - Abu Dhabi Dhabi Commercial Bank (FA 
FAB shares were trading on Monday, compared to the Saudi Arabian stock market, which 
The Qatari stock market is set to join the index, which has been boosted by  
SAUDI ARABIA rose 0.7% to 8,253 while SAUDI  
ABU DHABI added 0.7% to 5,095. 
DUBAI gained 1.1% to 2,787. 
EGYPT - EGYPT - EGYPT -  
BAHRAIN was flat at 1,584 points, while BAHRAIN was flat at 1,584 
OMAN slipped 0.1% to 3,943 while OMAN slipped 0.1% to 3, 
KUWAIT is up 6,829 points, or 0.5%. 
The company said it expects to sell a total of $3 million per share. 
The stock index is 3.7500 riyals, or $1, compared to $1 
The US economy is set to be a “strategy” recoup 
The House has been unable to make a deal on Tuesday. 
US stocks have been boosted by the US economy, a strong US economy and a 
The stock index is set to be in the market today, with a rise in the market 
The House of Representatives said the market is set to join the market in October 1998. 
The Wall Street Journal said the six stocks were based on the six most traded companies in the 
Qorvo, Cognizant Technologies Solutions Solutions, Qorvo, Qorvo 
Tech has been trading in the four months. 
Senate shares jumped nearly 64%, while the Nasdaq Composite jumped nearly 6 
The S&P 500 rose more than 28%. 
The Senate has issued a statement that the Senate would not release a statement on February 19 
JPMorgan Chase 
The US economy is expected to be a mixed bag on Wednesday, with a slowdown 
The stock market is expected to be in the next year, with a high of a 
The National Stock Exchange (Nifty 50 index) and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (N 
HPCL dropped 1.54% to 227.40. 
Britannia Industries gained 1.43 % to 3,056. 
The Bajaj Holdings & Investments, a leading provider of the Hindu 
Nifty Midcap 150, Nifty Midcap 150, Nifty Midcap 150, N 
NSE, Nifty Tata Group, Nifty Tata Group, NSE, N 
Nifty Tata Group (25 per cent) remained unchanged. 
The BIST 100 index fell 0.98% to 5.99, while the BIST 100 index 
Turkey's stock index closed at 93,026.37 points on Monday, down from 
Borsa Istanbul's stock fell 93,946.08 points, or 0.2 
Last week, the benchmark index climbed 88,865.01 points, or 5.7 
Turkish lokaal indices closed at 5.9960 points, or a 9.30 
Turkish lokaal 6.7150 pound, 6.7150 pound, 6.7150 
Brent crude crude oil contract Brent crude oil contract on Monday, a benchmark benchmark Brent crude index 
KARACHI, Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) - The Pakistan Stock Exchange (PS 
The KSE-100 index is up 15.36 points, or 15.36. 
The index closed 0.04% at 36,536.78. 
The KSE-100 gained 36,000 points on Wednesday, closing at 1,010 points. 
The company said it expects to invest 151 million shares in Rs7.19 billion,  
The stock index dragged it below the 35,000 on Wednesday. 
The KSE-100 closed at 35,703 points, or 7.5%, to 2, 
The stock index recovered 40% after the previous week's gains. 
Dollar sloot een interbank. 
The interbank market is down Rs1.42 on Thursday, down from Rs1.42 on Thursday 
US dollar dollar dollar was trading at Rs 148.21 points, or Rs 148. 
The dollar decreased by Rs149.30 points, or Rs0.70, to Rs149. 
A day earlier, Pakistani currency shedding a slight gains to Rs149.63, 
Wall Street - Wall Street is set to join the bullpen on Wednesday. 
The U.S. economy is set to be a “strategy” 
The U.S. economy is expected to be a mixed bag on Thursday, with  
The stock market is expected to be closed on Wednesday, with a broader market capitalization 
The S&P 500 index rose 13.11 points to 3,153.63. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 42.32 points, or 0.2%, to 28,164. 
The Nasdaq climbed 57.24 points to 8,705.18. 
The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies added 9.87 points, or 0.6%, to 1,63 
The week is set to be a mixed bag for the week. 
The S&P 500 is up 43.34 points, or 1.4%. 
The Dow is up 288.38 points, or 1%. 
The Nasdaq is up 185.29 points, or 2.2%. 
The Russell 2000 is up 45.16 points, or 2.8%. 
The index has been a sloot for the year, a  
The S&P 500 is up 646.78 points, or 25.8%. 
The Dow is up 4,836.54 points, or 20.7%. 
The Nasdaq is up 2,069.90 points, or 31.2%. 
The Russell 2000 is up 285.55 points, or 21.2%. 
Chesapeake Energy Corp. 
CHK, -2.57%, and 250.7, -2.57% were trading on 
The stock slumped 2.1%. 
The oil and gas company's annual turnover was approximately $3 million, or approximately $3 million. 
The company said it expects to sell 15.3% of the total volume in July 31 to 1. 
The company said 2022 shares of $112.7 million were 5.75%, or 5.5% 
The SPDR Energy Select Select Sector SPX, +0.23%, and ETF X 
The company said it expects to sell the shares of CDW Corp. 
The S&P 500 index jumped more than 5% on Tuesday, compared to  
The S&P Global, which tracks the S&P Global, is set to join the 
Global Payments Inc. (TSX) - 2.59% is set to join the global 
The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.39% gained more than 40% this year, 
TEDPIX, a week earlier, rose 0.28% to a week earlier 
The TSE, which tracks the most traded stocks on the market, closed at 255, 
The First Market Index was down 185,911.9 points, or 0.4%. 
The Second Market Index increased by 1.4% to 7,114 points, or 1.4%. 
The TSE is up 53.24 trillion rials, or 25%, to $44 
The TSE said Wednesday it was a “strategy” trade deal with 
The stock index increased by 14% to 13.32 billion, while the week’s growth was 
The exchange traded shares were worth 194 million shares, or 194 million shares, or 19 
ETF shares were boosted by the broader market, a broader market capitalization 
ETF shares were boosted by the broader market, a broader market capitalization 
Sukuk, 2.1 million shares, a share of the Sukuk,  
The London Stock Exchange Group Plc said it was a “strategy” 
LSE, FTSE Russell’s FTSE Russell’s FTSE Russell 
LSE said it was a “strategy” trade deal with the company 
The index is growing rapidly in the past five years. 
Beyond Ratings 
LSE, a company that has been listed on the list of the most liquid stocks, 
LSE said it was a “strategy” trade deal with the company 
The FTSE 100 is up as much as 1.2%, up as much as  
Movado Group Inc. 
The NYSE's benchmark index rose above expectations on Thursday, a measure of the  
The company said it swung 74 cents to $17.4 million in 
The EPS rose 67 cents to 52 cents, while the EPS rose  
The EPS, which tracks 56 cents of the EPS, is set to join the 
The company rose $149.2 million to $199.4 million, or $199. 
The EPS is up $2.70 to $2.80 per share in 2019, up by 
The S&P 500 SPX SPX SPX SPX SPX, -0.2 
The benchmark KSE-100 Index climbed 2.8 per cent to close at 35,95 
The stock opened on a positive note. 
The benchmark index was trading at 34,949, a benchmark index, with a 
The benchmark index increased 151.5m to 122.8 million. 
The stock increased by Rs6.9bn ($6.2 billion) yesterday, while the stock 
The Bank of Punjab, Unity Foods Limited, and Unity Foods Limited, each with  
Next Capital Limited's share price was boosted by a strong performance from the company' 
The National Investment Trust (NIT) is set to join the National Investment Trust (NIT 
The benchmark index increased 24pc to 24pc. 
BOP, a leading stock index, has been a strong performance of 182m 
Daily volume increased to $46m, while the 100 Index increased to $48m. 
Xinhua, Xinhua, losing 1.27 points at 
Germany's carmaker Daimler, a carmaker Daimler, was increasing 
German chip manufacturing firm Infineon (DAX) increased by 0.19 percent on Monday, 
The Euro Stoxx 50 index, which tracks the leading European index, has been a  
Germany's stock index increased by the first half of the year. 
Thyssenkrupp lost 1.22 percent on Tuesday. 
Germany's top-30 DAX index was a sloot  
Germany's DAX index, which tracks Germany's most liquid stocks on Wednesday, 
Thyssenkrupp, a credit Suisse stock, was trading around 11 euros 
FDP is a free float market capitalization company, which tracks the most liquid stocks 
The euro was down Tuesday, a low of a pound. 
The mid-2017 benchmark index was the lowest since the mid-2017 low, with the lowest 
MTN Nigeria Stock Exchange (NSE) - MTN Nigeria Stock Exchange (NSE 
The benchmark index has a record high of 16 May 2019 and is expected to be a 
MTN Nigeria is set to join the majors. 
MTN Nigeria, MTN Nigeria, MTN Nigeria, MTN Nigeria, MTN Nigeria 
MTN Group, MTN Group, MTN Group, MTN Group, MTN Group 
MTN Nia, a service provider, said the service revenue growth was boosted by 
The company's data revenue rose 2.1 million to 2.1 million, while the company' 
The company said it expects to acquire 44.2% of the total shares of N150.4 
The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX TSGSPTSE fell  
OceanaGold Corp (ABX.TO) - OceanaGold Corp (ABX 
Lundin Mining Corp (MEG Energy Energy Corp) (MEG Energy Energy Corp 
The TSX fell 81 points, or 81, to 158. 
The stock index closed at 335.6 million, or 1 a share. 
Aurora Cannabis Inc (ABB.TO) - Bombardier Inc (ABB. 
The energy group.SPTTFS fell 1.2 percent to 4.69. 
The West Texas Intermediate Crude fitures fell 1.68 percent to $1.01, while West 
Brent crude fell 1.31 percent to $0.89, while Brent crude fell 1.31 percent to $0. 
The TSX is up 12.3 percent in the year, up 12.3 percent. 
Refinitiv rose by the first quarter of 2019, while the Asian stock index rose by strong rally 
The MSCI’s broadest index rose about 9 percent in the first quarter of 2019, with 
The index’s benchmark index, which has been a high since the end of March, 
The MSCI All Country World index’s 14 month low was less than 14.78 points, 
South Korea, South Korea, South Korea, South Korea, South Korea, South Korea, South 
The indexes in Malaysia and Malaysia, which are set to join the Indian stock indexe 
The company said it was a “daily” investment fund, which has been  
The MSCI index is set to join the MSCI index. 
Galapagos NV, a Gilead Science’s stock market, 
Citigroup said it was a surprise surprise to investors that investors aren't sure  
Wells Fargo said the stock was boosted by a second-quarter decline in the 
Gilead, a Belgian company, has a record-setting $1 billion 
Gilead rose as much as 2.5%, while Galapagos rose as much 
The stock index is set to be in the market today, with a rise in the market 
The S&P 500 fell 0.02% to 3,014.30. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.10% to 27,359.16. 
The Nasdaq Composite rose 0.17% to 8,258.19. 
Boeing said it was a “strategy” trade deal with the Wall Street 
The stock fell as much as 1.7%. 
Broadcom plunged as much as 16%. 
Symantec said it was less than $2 billion. 
The S&P 500 gainers. 
CF Industries Holdings Inc - 3.68% 
AMD shares meanwhile 3.54% are set to join the broader market. 
Wynn Resorts (BSE) - Shares of Wynn Resorts 
The decliners were a result of the decliners. 
Symantec (-10.83%) remained -10.83%. 
Noble Energy (-4.44%) -4.44% 
Cimarex Energy (-4.39%) -4.39% 
The US economy grew 6.2% in the second quarter of 2019, a strong sign of  
The second largest share price was the second largest drop in the second. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was 27,000 points, or 27,000, to 26,000. 
Visa Inc. V (+1.9%) 
The Dow DJIA DJIA DJIA, +0.31% DJIA, 
The Dow Jones Market Data added 324 points, or +0.65%, to 324. 
The index climbed nearly 50% in mid January of 2018, with a total of 121. 
The S&P 500 index SPX SPX SPX SPX SPX SPX SP 
Microsoft jumped more than 54% on Jan. 17. 
Caterpillar Inc.’s 3M Co., down to 247 points, was 
The Dow Jones Market Data, which tracks the Dow and Dow, is 27,000 points,  
The Federal Reserve rallied 2.25% on Thursday, with the Federal Reserve rallying 2.2 
The Nasdaq Composite Index SPX SPX SPX, +0.08%, SP 
Argentina’s stock index plummeted 48 percent on Monday. 
The S&P Morgan’s second-largest stock fell to a fall in 
Argentine Argentine Argentine Argentine Argentine Argentine  
Macri said Argentina’s president Donald Trump said he was unable to make a 
Argentina has been a sloot in the 1950s, with a 
Sri Lankan stock indexes were trading in the Sri Lankan stock market, which was 
Argentina’s stock index was down 9.12 percent in 2019, while the index was down 9.12 
Oman said Pakistan has been unable to make a deal this year. 
Banca Transilvania, Banca Transilvania, Banca Transilvania, Banca Transilvania, Banca Transilvania 
Banca Transilvania’s share price of RON 2.5 million was RON 2.55 at the 
Ziarul Financiar, 35% of the company's shares, were up 70% in 
Banca Transilvania, BET, Banca Transilvania, Banca Transilvania, BET, B 
EBRD, EBRD, and the European Bank for Construction and Development, are also 
The German 30 stock index dropped by 10,276 points, or 20-day, to 10, 
The RSI is set to join the RSI. 
The 50-day average was 11,000, or 11,000, to 11,400 in October 11. 
The eight-month old was 11,690 points, or 11,690. 
De aandelenbeurzen zijn er 10,785 punten 
The December 10 stock index was 10,276 points, or 10,583 points, to 10, 
The stock is expected to be a sloot, a s 
The 50-day forecast calls for a 50-day low. 
TASE, Reuters, Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TEL AVIV) and 
Tel Aviv 35 heeft een aandeel  
The TASE has lost 40% since August. 
The company said 447 shares were trading at 447, while the company said it was  
TASE, which tracks the most liquid stocks in the majors, is expected to be nearly 
TASE - De aandelenbeurzen zijn er  
TASE - De aandelenbeurzen zijn er  
The index has a year-high a year. 
Israel is set to join the broader market, a broader market is set to join 
De Euronext zijn voor het aandeel 
The company said it expects to sell a total of $3 million per share. 
Sebi is a free float market capitalization company, which tracks the largest shares 
Sebi said he was unable to make a deal on Thursday. 
Sebi is a free float market capitalization company, which tracks the largest shares 
The company said it expects more than 35% of the total turnover of 25% of the total 
Sebi is more than 65% of the total volume of the shares listed on the S 
The index has a 1% rise in the previous six months, with a 1% 
The company said it expects to see a slowdown in the end of every fiscal quarter 
The index has been trading three months, a record. 
The Global Cannabis Stock Index lost 47.29 points, or 11.2%, to 57. 
The index has lost 54.9% in the month since the end of September. 
The decline was down more than 73% in early 2018. 
The index fell more than 20% in October, compared to more than 20% in October 
KushCo Holdings (OTC: KSHB) - KushCo 
Trulieve (CSE: TCNNF) - CSE: TRUL 
MediPharm Labor & MediPharm Labor, +23.1%, and MediP 
CVSciences (OTC): +20.3% 
KushCo said the stock market is set to join the KushCo index, which tracks 
KushCo, KushCo and KushCo are also expected to join the Kush 
The index fell more than 39% in October, a record high of more than 39% 
TSX: TGOD -45.7% - TSXV: 
HEXO Corp 
The indexes were boosted by the strong growth in the September market, with a 
The multi-year stock market is set to join the majors with a multi-year 
The Canadian LP Index was boosted by the Canadian LP Index, which tracks the Canadian 
Suffers in the Canadian Cannabis License Producer Index, which tracks the Canadian Cannabis License Producer Index 
The American Cannabis Operator Index fell 6.1% in October, compared to 6.1% in October. 
The Metro Detroit weather forecast calls for warm weather and warm weather. 
High temperatures will reach the mid-20s through the rest of the work week. 
Tuesday's forecast calls for warmer temperatures, with temperatures in the low 50s. 
The snow showers will be in place during the day Wednesday. 
The temperature will be up this weekend. 
The temperature will be slightly warmer than normal for a few days. 
Weekend lows will be in the low 30s. 
Upper Peninsula is expected to see snow and snow. 
The National Weather Service said Monday will see snowfall across the tip of the Kemp Peninsula and East 
The blowing snow is expected to blowing snow. 
Tuesday: 
Wednesday: 
The morning fog will begin to fog. 
The National Weather Service says it is chilly over the Midwest. 
The weather is set to be cold across the eastern plains, with fog and fog. 
The fog is expected to hit east of Denver early morning. 
The Met Office said there is a chance of a weak snow over the mountains this afternoon 
Front Range is expected to be slightly cooler with a low to mid-40s. 
The Met Office said: “Tuesday will be mostly sunny with a high 
Friday will see a cold front that moves southward from Canada. 
The morning will see some dry weather and some snow showers. 
Colder snow for the weekend. 
The colder weather is expected to be a colder day. 
Saturday: Highs will be in the teens to low 20s. 
The mountains will see 6 to 12 snow over the weekend into Monday. 
The Met Office said there were a few isolated snow on Saturday afternoon through Sunday morning. 
Cold front is expected to hit early next week. 
Memorial Day weekend will be cloudy, with a touch of rain and rain. 
Sunday: 39 percent 
The temperature will reach its peak of 64 degrees by the middle of next week. 
Tuesday and Wednesday will be warming up to a high of 68, with a high 
The weather will be mostly cloudy for the next few days. 
The wind will be slightly cooler tomorrow, with a high of 10 mph. 
The weather will be a mixed bag this Valentine's Day with temperatures of 11 
The sun will be frosty this afternoon, with a frosty day across the 
Valentine's Day: 17C 
The temperature will reach 16C in northern areas by Valentine’s Day. 
The temperature will soar from the north to the southern, with mild temperatures moving from Ib 
The temperature will reach 16C by 15C. 
The morning will be frosty, with the UK forecast for the morning and tomorrow. 
The weather is set to be a lot of sunshine. 
The temperature will be 15C to 16C. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 13C. 
The hot weather is set to hit 2,000 miles from Africa. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 19.1C by February 14. 
Valentine’s Day 
The temperature will reach its peak of 14C by Malibu Beach, Californ 
Balmy spells will be warm and sunny, with a high of 10 days into next 
Rain is unlikely, but there is a chance of rain. 
The heat will be in place later this weekend. 
Evening will clear out clouds and clouds clearing out. 
The temperature will be cool. 
Low around 64. 
FRIDAY: Sunny, low humidity 
Highs will be in the upper 80s. 
SATURDAY: Sunny. 
Highs will be in the upper 60s. 
SUNDAY: Sunny and humid. 
Highs will be around 90. 
MONDAY: Sunny. 
Highs will be near 70. 
TUESDAY: Mostly sunny. 
Highs will be near 70. 
WEDNESDAY: Partly sunny, with a chance of storms late day. 
Highs will be near 90. 
Rain is 40%. 
THURSDAY: Partly sunny, with sunny skies and showers. 
Rain is expected to reach the upper 60s by mid-80s. 
Thursday's forecast calls for calm down a little of rain. 
Friday: breezy. 
Highs will reach 20 or 30 miles per hour. 
The weather will be partly dry during the day, with partly dry weather during the day. 
The evening will be calm down at night, with the temperature dropping to a low around around 
Outside of the city will see temperatures in the lower to middle 30’s. 
In the east, the weather is expected to be cloudy, with a high near most 
Showers will be possible from most places later this afternoon. 
Chilly winds will be strong along the coast. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 11°C. 
In the west, heavy hail and thunder are expected to hit. 
The rest of the day will be heavy and persistent. 
Winds breezy. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 9°C. 
The weather is set to be a mixed bag with heavy rain and heavy rain. 
Strong winds will be in place by 9pm to 3pm on Wednesday. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Preston? 
This morning will see heavy rain throughout the morning. 
The temperature will reach 6C by 12pm. 
Overnight Tuesday Night Night 
Lows in the 60s and 70s north. 
Sultry winds are expected to hit the skies Wednesday, with thunder and thunder. 
Highs will reach the mid 90s. 
The weather is set to be cloud throughout the day. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Leeds? 
This morning will see light rain throughout most of the morning. 
The temperature will reach 6C by 12pm. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Leeds? 
This afternoon will see light rain from 4pm onwards. 
The temperature will climb by 4pm. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Leeds? 
Light rain will continue throughout the evening. 
The temperature will dip to 8C by 10pm. 
Overnight temperature of 6C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Leeds? 
Tomorrow will be sunny and sunny, with light showers and a light showers during the 
Highs will reach 13C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Leeds? 
UK outlook for Tuesday 14 May to Thursday 23 May said: “We are set to see  
The Met Office said: "It will be chilly and chilly with some scattered fog 
Freeze will begin from late Wednesday night to Thursday morning. 
The cold front is expected to continue into the next few days. 
Rain will continue during the afternoon and evening. 
The weather will be a mixed bag into Wednesday, with rain and rain. 
The temperature will reach the 50s and the temperature will be in the 50s. 
A few thunderstorms are likely, with a few thunderstorms and thunderstorms. 
The cold front is expected to freeze late Wednesday. 
Freeze will begin from late Wednesday night to Thursday morning. 
The cold front is expected to close to freezing in the morning. 
The trick-or-treating hours will diminish between 10 and 20 mph. 
Temperatures will drop to the upper 40s by the start of trick-or-tre 
The temperature will reach the upper 30s to lower 40s. 
The rest of the week will be cool. 
Slightly warmer temperatures are expected by the weekend. 
Lower Mainland temperatures will be toasty last week, with a toasty high last week 
The forecast calls for showers and showers on June 10. 
Tuesday’s soaring soaring soaring overnight. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 27 C by 29 C by 29 C, closer to the 
The temperature will reach a peak of 31 C by Wednesday, with a soaring 
Thursday will be warm and warm through the weekend. 
On the following day, Friday, May 10, the Met Office said the Squamish outlook 
Temperatures will be above average. 
ORLANDO, Fla. 
Nestor will decrease the showers into the Carolinas into the Carolinas. 
Lows will slowly settle in the low 70s overnight to night. 
Sunday: Very few showers. 
Scattered showers and storms are expected to hit Monday and Tuesday. 
The weather will be much better with a close the weekend. 
Drier is expected to see clouds and clouds into the area. 
Just a few feet of showers are expected, with showers and showers. 
Sunday: Highs will be in the mid to upper 80s. 
Rain will start next week. 
The Met Office said: "We are seeing some scattered showers and storms, but there 
The forecast calls for a high of mid to upper 80s to start the week. 
Wednesday will see a mixture of sunshine and sunshine. 
Wednesday: Highs will be in the low 80s. 
The forecast calls for higher rain to close the week. 
The temperature will close the week to close the week. 
Nestor is expected to be a mixed bag on the road. 
The weather will be a mixed bag over the next five days. 
The forecast calls for a storm warning through November 30. 
Sunday: Westerly, westerly, with showers and showers. 
Sunday: moderate. 
ORLANDO, Fla. 
The All over Central Florida is set to see plenty of sunshine and a high of around 20 
The weather forecast calls for a mixture of rain and rain this weekend and Sunday. 
Sunday will be a degree or two higher, with a small chance of showers. 
The weekend will be sunny and sunny. 
Mostly clear through the overnight hours. 
The temperature will be in the mid to low 60s. 
Saturday will be sunny, with temperatures in the upper 80s to low 90s. 
Pretty close to the average, the temperature will reach a peak of 89 degrees by May 
Easterly, no rain and no rain will be expected. 
The west will see a slight increase in moisture during the afternoon. 
The slim slim slim. 
Next week: 90 degrees 
The forecast calls for a two weeks of rain early next week, with a low south 
United States weather forecast for the north-northeast is expected to see a mixture 
The weather forecast calls for a stormy weather on June 1st. 
Winds will be bit breezy. 
Nasty snow is expected in the upcoming week, with high winds and high winds. 
The icy-cold rain is expected to spread to sheets early this morning, with  
Thunder is possible. 
Severe weather is expected along & south of the warm front. 
What will the weather be like this evening-tonight & into Sunday in the UK? 
Rain will be embedded t'storms late afternoon-evening. 
Now-6 a.m. Sunday 
The winds are likely to be 40-50 mph, with gusts as high as 40-50 
The gusts will be not be ruled out, with gusts as high as +50 
Sunday will be windy, with a windy outlook for Sunday. 
The precipitation is likely to be +1.20" and +1.20" likely 
The temperature will reach its peak of 50-53 by tomorrow morning-tomorrow. 
The flakes are possible in parts of the area, with a few sprinkles possible. 
The weather will be mostly cloudy to cloudy, with some later clearing. 
The temperature will gradually increase to 20s tomorrow night. 
Monday-Thursday will see a high of 58-65 and t' 
Friday-Saturday: A high of 30s. 
EDMONTON (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs is 
Thursday afternoon (Halloween) - Temperatures will be a handful of 
The temperature will start dropping to a high of around midnight. 
The flurries will be some scattered this morning. 
The weather will be in the Edmonton area. 
The dusting is expected to continue this morning. 
The temperature will reach a peak of -18 in Central today, with a high near 
Temperatures will be -4 this afternoon, with a -4 - -7 
Winds tapering off the afternoon, with gusts as high as 20-30 km/h 
Calmer temperatures will be -10 on Tuesday, with a cool day of -10. 
Afternoon, the Met Office said Tuesday that the weather will be a -5 
Warmer afternoon temperatures of 4 to 8 degree. 
Edmonton 
Today: Cloudy, a few flurries in the area. 
Sunny this afternoon. 
NWS 20-30 km/h. 
The temperature will reach a -15 mph by much of the day. 
Highs will be -5. 
Clearing overnight. 
De wind is easing. 
The temperature will reach a peak of -8 by 9pm. 
Tuesday: Sunny with a few clouds. 
Light wind. 
Morning low -12 - -12 
Afternoon is het -2. 
Wednesday: Partly cloudy. 
Morning low -8. 
Afternoon is het aanvankelijk op 5  
Thursday (Halloween) - Partly cloudy, cloudy, with  
Morning low -1. 
Afternoon is het aanvankelijk op 6  
Friday: Partly cloudy. 
Morning low -3. 
Afternoon is het aanvankelijk op 6  
Saturday: Mostly cloudy. 
The forecast calls for showers and showers. 
Morning low 0 - 0 
Afternoon is het aanvankelijk op 7  
The weather is set to be a mixed bag on Northeast Ohio. 
CLEVELAND, Ohio - The weekend will be fairly cold by Sunday, with some 
Friday: Sunny with partly sunny skies and partly sunny skies. 
The chance of snow is expected overnight Friday, with a chance of snow and snow. 
Saturday: 20s 
The next week will be a mixed bag. 
Monday: Sunny with highs in the upper teens. 
Cold weather is expected to hit Tuesday, with snow showers and snow showers. 
The weather is set to be a mixed bag on Wednesday, with extreme heat expected in Philadelphia 
What will the weather be like Tuesday 27 August in Leeds? 
What will the weather be like this morning in Leeds? 
This morning will see bright sunshine throughout. 
The temperature will reach 23C by 12pm. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Leeds? 
Early afternoon will see bright sunshine from 4pm onwards. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 27C by 4pm. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Leeds? 
This evening will be easing off from 6pm onwards. 
Overnight temperature of 16C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Leeds? 
Tomorrow: Cloud throughout the day. 
Highs will reach 20C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Leeds? 
The weather forecast for Saturday 31 August to Monday 9 September said: “Settled weather 
On Saturday, the Met Office said: "On Saturday, the rain will gradually clear for much 
The heaviest hail is expected in the north, with a risk of thunder and 
Gales is expected to be cool for the time of year, with cool temperatures possible in the 
The National Weather Service said the weather will be fairly unsettled for the start of September 
Highs will be in the low 80s. 
Sunday: 
The weather forecast for the first couple of days this week is set to be a mixed bag 
The weather is set to be warm and warm. 
The weather will be cloudy, with a mixture of rain and rain before and during break 
The temperature will reach the 60s early morning. 
The sun is set to reach 6:04 a.m. ET. 
Clouds break and depart by Sunday. 
The temperature will be warmer in the middle and upper 70s. 
Sunday afternoon will be mostly sunny with a high near the low 80s. 
The broader market is set to be a 1:10 p.m. ET. 
Sunday evening will be mild. 
Temperatures will be in the 70s. 
The sun will be 9:12 p.m. ET. 
Sunday night will be cool. 
The north-northwestern wind is expected to be one hour after sunset. 
Monday and Tuesday will see a mixture of sunshine and sunshine. 
Afternoon, the temperature will reach its mid 80s on Tuesday. 
Wednesday will be hotter, with a chance of showers late-afternoon 
Highs will reach 90 degrees. 
Thursday will slowly clear by the afternoon. 
Not as hot as the low 80s. 
Most of North Jersey is expected to see heavy rain on Wednesday into Thursday. 
Passaic rainfall is expected from 4 p.m. Wednesday into Thursday, with flash 
The weather will taper off by 2 p.m. and taper off overnight into 
North Jersey is expected to see winds of 40 mph over the next 24 hours. 
Starting Wednesday afternoon, the rain will be 25-30 mph. 
Later in the evening, winds will increase to a high of 40 mph overnight into Thursday 
Thursday: drier, drier, drier, drier,  
Snow is expected to be a dramatic plunge early this week, with a 
UK gale-force winds in the North. 
Snow is expected to be a dramatic plunge as the year kicks off as the 
Balmoral, Aberdeenshire, -6.3C dropped over the weekend. 
Freezing temperatures will be -10C in some parts of the country, with bitter temperatures in 
Braemar in Aberdeenshire - -10.5C. 
Monday and Tuesday will be a chill, with a chill and strong winds. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 11C this weekend. 
Monday will be really pick up in the north. 
The Met Office UK outlook for Northern Ireland is set to see heavy rain and gale-force 
Temperatures will be -10C. 
The weather will be a mixed bag from the second half of January. 
The weather is expected to be very cold, with significant snow. 
The storm is expected to hit western South Dakota and 6 inches of snow. 
RAPID CITY, S.D., and western South Dakota are expected to see 
Temperatures will slowly fall on Wednesday, with temperatures slowly falling overnight Tuesday. 
Precipitation will become heavy at times, with heavy snow and heavy snow at times. 
The weather will be a mixed bag from Wednesday evening through Friday morning. 
What will the weather be like this weather be like this week in Leeds? 
The weather will be cool with light snow showers toward the end of the week. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Leeds? 
This morning will see heavy rain until early afternoon. 
The temperature will reach 7C by lunchtime. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Leeds? 
Rain will ease by 2pm, with some sunny spells and some sunny spells. 
Temperatures will reach 7C. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Leeds? 
The temperature will dip after 5pm. 
The temperature will dip to 2C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Leeds? 
Tomorrow will be -2C, with temperatures dropping to 4C overnight. 
Friday to Sunday, the temperature will be 0C. 
The weather will be cool during the weekend, with light snow and light snow during the weekend. 
The rest of Saturday will be cold, with a high of 3C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Leeds? 
Sunday 20 Jan to Tuesday 29 Jan, the coldest in the south east, with the highest 
Some light rain is possible in the south and southeast, with a sleet 
Overnight frost is likely, with freezing fog patches and freezing fog patches. 
This Eve and Tonight will see a mixture of rain and showers, with the most persistent 
Windy gales in the west. 
Friday: Cloudy, heavy rain across central and southern areas. 
Further north, there will be a chance of showers and showers at times. 
Windy. 
Saturday to Monday, the Met Office said the weather is set to be drier, with 
Windy at times, near coasts. 
Temperatures will be around the seasonal north. 
The Met Office said: "It will be a mixed bag in the afternoon, with 
The warmer temperatures will be in the way of the warmer temperatures last week days. 
UK outlook for 7am on Friday June 14 
UK outlook for 4pm on Friday June 14 
UK outlook for Saturday June 15 to Monday June 17. 
Monday: Showers and showers. 
Rain is expected in places, with heavy and thundery weather in places. 
The warmer weather is expected in the east. 
UK outlook for Tuesday 18 to Thursday 27 June 
The second half of June is expected to be drier, with a drier 
Next week: Sunny intervals 
The chance of thundery rain is expected in Southern areas. 
The warmer temperatures are likely to be in the final week of June. 
The UK outlook for 12pm Friday 
The weather will be noticeably cooler with plenty of sunny weather. 
UK outlook for the UK 
The temperature will dip to a dip of 18C by Monday, with temperatures in the low 
The temperature will be mild today with mild temperatures in some parts. 
South West: Cloud and frequent showers. 
The temperature will be much cooler today. 
The temperature will be cooler through Tuesday and into Wednesday. 
Tuesday: 53-55F 
The Met Office said Wednesday that the weather is set to be quite cool in the North, with 
Temperatures will be below average in the single figure. 
The weather will be noticeably cooler with sunny spells. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 9C in Newcastle on Wednesday, with a 
The Met Office said: "We are seeing widespread frost and widespread frost from Wednesday, 
What will the weather be like this in Preston? 
What will the weather be like this morning in Preston? 
This morning will see heavy rain. 
The temperature will reach 15C by 12pm. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Preston? 
Heavy rain will hit throughout the afternoon. 
The temperature will reach 16C by 4pm. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Preston? 
Early evening will be lighter, with easing off completely by around 6pm. 
Overnight temperature of 15C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Preston? 
Tomorrow will see bright sunshine throughout the afternoon. 
Maximum temperature of 17C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Preston? 
UK outlook for Sunday 18 August to Tuesday 27 
Sunday: Sunshine and thunderstorms are likely. 
Into next week, the weather forecast calls for brighter interludes across the UK, 
Windy at times, with gales in the north and west. 
EUGENE, Ore. 
The weather forecast for Western Ontario is set to be a mixed bag. 
The weather forecast for September 23 is set to be a mixed bag. 
The weather forecast calls for rain in Western Ontario on September, according to the NWS. 
The weather will be mostly sunny, with a pleasant and pleasant weather through the middle of the 
The cold front is expected to pass as early as Thursday. 
The end of the week and the upcoming weekend will be a mixed bag. 
Friday night into Saturday, the drier and drier weather is expected to be  
The temperature will reach 60 F. on Friday through Sunday. 
The Cascade passes are expected to see higher elevations Monday, with higher elevation 
Fri-Sun is expected to see a snowy weather possible, with a cold 
De jongetje ernstig gewond aan he 
De jongetje overleed het strafschop. 
De politie heeft het aan de  
De familielid van het kind kwam op een  
De kleuter uit straat Astorias in Vught is 
De familielid van het jongetje kwam op  
The other victim was a kind of kind. 
De jongen reed naar het ziekenhui 
De kindje overleden aan zijn verwondingen. 
De ongeluk komt nog niet duidelijk op  
Vrijdagavond kleuter op een kleuter. 
De nog niet duidelijk wolken is gebeuren. 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De vader van de jongen heeft een wagen  
Een 79-jarige vrouw uit Hoevelaken 
Het slachtoffer uit A1 richting Barneveld is 
De auto reed aangereden en kwam o 
Een 40-jarige fietser uit Weimarstraat is 
De geschept door een auto. 
De 33-jarige bestuurder uit de bestuurder n 
De politie heeft het slachto 
De politie heeft het aanrijd 
De weimarstraat zijn er op het wei 
Twee auto-ongeluk op de Vogelaardreef in 
Rond 18..00 uur heeft de verkeersongeval  
Drie reed op de auto en kwam o 
De tweede tweede tweede tweede t 
Twee auto te zitten en een auto te 
Beiden reed op een slachtoffers. 
De man reed per ambulance naar het ziekenhui 
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
De bestuurder kwam op een boom tu 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De tractorbestuurder kwam op het sl 
De aandelenbeurzen zijn voor het  
De 24-jarige man overleden van nacht van vrijdag  
De auto reed door onbekende oorzaak en  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De bestuurder van de auto kwam met de schrik v 
De passagier reed door de brandweer uit het 
Hij overleed korte tijd aan z 
De bestuurder reed met hoofd-, rib en 
De politie heeft gisteravond o 
De man reed op het ziekenhuis en 
Hij reed gepereerd en is inmiddels  
De vrouw reed rond 23.00 uur op de 
De politie heeft ze op het 
De bestuurder reed haar haar haar haar haar 
De auto reed aangereden en kwam o 
De auto reed met een kop tegen de poli 
De vrouw reed waarschijnlijk onder inv 
De man reed op een gepereerde weg 
De vrouw overleden op de A10 Zieud  
De politie heeft het slachto 
De vrouw reed rond 23.00 uur op de 
De 51-jarige bestuurder overleden aan zijn ver 
De bijrijder raakte gewond. 
Even voor kwart over twee's nacht  
De auto met pairentrailer kwam tegen een boom 
De politie heeft twee slacht 
De 23-jarige snel wordt snel wordt 
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
De personenauto zaterdagavond 11 maart op de water 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De politie heeft gereanimeerd werd 
Hij kwam op een afwisseling van 
A 51-jarige man overleden op Sliedrecht. 
De 17-jarige scooteraar overleden op de kru 
De jongen reed in bewolkritieke toe 
De 17-jarige Duopassagier raakte gewond 
De snorfietser uit Lokersdijk de Ceein 
Hij reed op de Ceintuurbaan  
De automobilist kwam tegen een boom te 
De 20-jarige man uit een sloot  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De 20-jarige man uit een sloot  
Zaterdagmorgen vroeg om tien voor 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De slachtoffer reed gereanimeerd en 
Een slachtoffer uit Driel is een s 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De personenauto reed op het sloo 
De bestuurder kwam onbekende oorzaak  
De personenauto reed op het sloo 
De 33-jarige bestuurder overleden zaterdagochten 
De man reed door onbekende oorzaak door e 
De auto kwam op het voertuig 
De auto reed rond 05.20 uur. 
De slachtoffer reed op de weg en 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
Het dodelijk ongeluk gebeurde dinsdag  
A12 heeft op het aandeel 
De busje knooppunt Maanderbroek en rond 16.15 
De dodelijk slachtoffer reed op de 
De man zaterdagnacht op spoor in Boorn 
Een 39-jarige slachtoffer uit Borne is even 
De overgang in de Bovenebroeksestraat zijn er  
De man reed gestruikeld en kwam o 
De 81-jarige fietser uit Piershil is v 
Het ongeval gebeurde rond 12.15 uur op B 
De 81-jarige man uit een 81-jarige man 
De auto reed op Buitenom en kwam  
De 41-jarige bestuurster uit Oud-Beijerland 
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
De man reed op ziekenhuis in Rotterdam  
De mocht niet meer baten. 
De automobiliste reed meegenomen naar  
Zij is niet gewond. 
Donderdag is het drie drie mannen  
Omstreeks 16.40 uur heeft de man op 
Hij reed op een strafschop  
De onbekende oorzaak zijn er een  
De politie heeft drie auto tegen 
De politie heeft het aanrijd 
Het 34-jarige kwamen om het leven 
Een 47-jarige man uit Weesp is zwa 
De 43-jarige man uit Maarssen is om het 
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
Het 29-jarige omgekomen op de Spannenburger 
De man uit een weg tussen Sint Ny 
De slachtoffer reed op doelpunten 
De bestuurder van die auto slachtoffer en een 
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
De man reed met de traumahelikopter in zorgwekkende 
De man overleed aan de politie. 
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
De bestuurder van de auto kwam met de schrik v 
De 12-jarige meisje uit Winkelweg in Zeewolde 
De 16-jarige meisje is onbekende oorzaak  
De 16-jarige meisje is brommobiel op de  
De 12-jarige meisje overleed maandagavond aan ha 
De zus is uit het ziekenhuis. 
De politie onderzocht zaterdagmidd 
Zondag omstreeks 15.25 uur één 
Een 24-jarfige man uit Ureterp is een 24- 
De bestuurder reed op een afw 
De 40-jarige man uit Frieschepalen is een 40 
De aanrijding reed op een a 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
Eén 24-jarige man overleed daarbij. 
De 27-jarige man uit Boornbergum is derde o 
De zoontjes raakten gewond en  
Met onbekend letsel overgebracht naar het zie 
De politie heeft het aanrijd 
Een 24-jaar uit Ureterp is overledene e 
Een eenzijdige aanrijding op A 
De richting van Deventer nabij de afslag Sl 
De inzittenden voertuig kwam o 
Twee politie heeft een aand 
De politie heeft het dodelijk on 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De man verongelukte slachtoffer. 
De andere twee vrouwen uit Polen kw 
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De 79-jarige automobilist uit Zwolle is vanochtend 
Hij reed op de verkeerslichten bij de I 
De 71-jarige vrouw uit een auto t 
Zij is raakte zwaargewond. 
Haar toestand is kritiek. 
De 44-jarige man uit Tilburg is naar he 
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
De kop-staart-botsing kwam op de  
De fietsers uit Hoofdorp zijn af 
Rond 18.40 uur een 27-jarige fietsers  
De vrouw liephierdoor ernstig hoofdletse 
De man reed door de politie aangehouden  
De vrouw reed met spoed naar  
De politie heeft het aanrijd 
De personenauto uit een personenauto om het 
De bus reed op de bus en kwam o 
De bus reed op de weg en kwam  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam no 
De frontale botsing reed op de politi 
De bestuurder van de personenauto kwam ter plekk 
De chauffeur van de bus kwam met de schrik en een 
Het ongeluk op de snelweg A58 bij 
De 42-jarige bestelbusje uit Bussum is rond 02. 
De inzittenden van het busje gebracht en zijn 
De 32-jarige man uit een man uit een 
A58 heeft het aandeel op 
Een 16-jarige bromfietser uit Barneveld 
De 21-jarige automobilist uit Barneveld is een 
Hij reed geen voorrang hebben verle 
De brommer reed op de auto en kwam 
De bromfietser overgebracht naar ziekenhuis de 
De hij overleed en kwam op een  
Zoutelande zijn zondagochtend een 54-jar 
De man reed om het leven gekomen o 
De geen reden om van een maandrijf uit 
De fiets kwam op het strafscho 
De man uit een verkeersongeval is om he 
De politie heeft het slachto 
De man reed op het ziekenhuis en 
De man reed op de weg en kwam  
De man overleden in de sloot is terechtge 
De man reed op het ziekenhuis en 
Zoutelande is 54-jarige man uit Zoutelande. 
De 25-jarige motorrijder uit Oud-Beijerland is 
Hij schoof geeeltelijk onder de aanhanger 
Een 64-jarige automobiliste overleden op de Drecht 
Rond 11.10 uur reed een vrouw  
De auto reed op de weg en kwam  
De 49-jarige vrouw uit Winkel is frontaal in 
De automobiliste reed niet overleefd en  
De 68-jarige man overleden aan zijn verwon 
De fietspad langs de Europa-allee kwam  
De minderjarige fietser uit Kampen is een  
Het slachtoffer werd naar het zie 
De minderjarige minderjarige minderjarige minderjarige minder 
Hij reed na het verhoor vrij 
De politie heeft het ongeluk o 
De minderjarige minderjarige minderjarige minderjarige minder 
Een 12-jarige jongen uit Amstelveen is woen 
Hij overleed in het ziekenhuis aan z 
De politie heeft een ongeluk o 
De vrachtwagen zag vermoedelijk de jongen over  
De 36-jarige man uit Haarlem is om het 
De man reed op de weg en kwam  
De politie heeft het ongeval o 
De politie heeft slachtoffer was  
De 40-jarige vrachtwagenchauffeur uit Portugal is vanmidd 
De man verloor door een klapband de macht over he 
De vrachtwagencombinatie heeft een vra 
De chauffeur reed op het ziekenhuis t 
De politie heeft het ongeluk o 
De ploeg van trainer Jurgen Streppel sc Heeren 
Friese vierde zeterdag heeft zater 
Heerenveen heeft drie punten op  
Heerenveen zorgde op het geel- 
De thuisclub kwam binnen een halve 
ADO heeft een schoot van het 
Heerenveen heeft aanvoerder Stijn Scha 
Spits Pelle van Amersfoort tikte in de 25e 
Twee minuten later kwam Heerenveen een  
Het sluitpost kwam op een hoeks 
Heerenveen kwam op een strafs 
De rolde rolde op een 0-1 voor 
Marzo heeft een afgewisseling van 
Kanon kwam een eigen doelpunt en 
In de tweede helft heeft Heerenve 
ADO heeft op het 0-3 op 
Feyenoord heeft een koploper  
De Amsterdammers zijn woensdagavond op AZ Al 
Ajax kwam na een kwartier s 
Justin Kluivert zette voor een binnenlopen van 
Kluivert heeft AZ-defensie op  
AZ heeft na de thee op het 
De pass van Tim Krui kopte André Onana kopte  
Davinson Sanchez kwam kwartier voor tij 
De verdediger kwam omhaal op een 
Lasse Schöne kwam op een penalty te  
De Amin Younes kwam op een paar minuten  
De Graafschap heeft twee punten 
PEC Zwolle heeft zaterdag op de 
PEC kwam op 3-0 en kwam o 
De Graafschap heeft dinsdag din 
Heerenveen heeft in het eerste  
Heerenveen heeft een spel op 
PEC heeft in de eerste helft o 
De thuisploeg heeft op de t 
De thuisploeg kwam op het  
PEC kwam na een half uur op 
Vermeij kwam op de ploeg van Dean Ko 
De middenvelder kwam zware zware lij 
De Graafschap heeft in de eerste 
Bart van Hijum kwam Wouter Marinus op 0 
Becker kwam op een treffer van Thijs 
Hidde Jurjus kwam op een straf 
De Superboeren kwam op het spel 
Excelsior heeft AZ op het s 
Woudestein heeft een 2-2 voor he 
Excelsior kwam voorsprong voor e 
Jeff Stantans heeft een strafschop  
AZ heeft invaller Robert Münriksen op 
PSV heeft een eerder doeze week o 
Haagse spelen op een 4-1 vo 
Hidde ter Avest kwam op een fraa 
De gasten kwam op het achterstand. 
Feyenoord slechts twaalf minuten 
De Japanner kwam op een bekeken voor 
Binnen het half uur verdubbelde Ruben Schaken  
Twente-doelman Nick Marsman kwam op 
Schaken kwam de bal binnen te werken. 
Twente heeft in het begin van de tweede 
De twee kansen voor rust op e 
Hakim Ziyech kwam na 58 minuten op 
ADO heeft een spel voor het 
Schaken kwam op een kans op  
Belg keeper Martin Hansen kwam op een keeper 
De Derijck raakte met een hakbal op 
De ploeg van het strafschop kwam 
Vito Wermgoor kwam op helemaal 
Tien minuten voor tijd kwam Duplan met 
PEC Zwolle heeft uitwedstrijd  
De ploeg van trainer Ron Jans heeft op  
PEC heeft een zege op een 
De Twente sloot bovenin de middenmoo 
De verdedigers zijn lichte klachten voor het 
De negentienjarige treffer van Philippe Sandler kwam  
Ajax heeft voor het vroeg  
Kamohelo Mokjo heeft een straf 
Mateusz Klui schoot een schoot van 
PEC Zwolle kwam en kwam vlak  
Twente heeft een spel op de T 
Simon Thesker schoot de bal in de verre hoek  
Twente invaller Dylan Seys kwam na  
Belg kwam op een matige kans o 
Enes Ünal kwam op een kan 
De Turkse kopte tegen de lat kopte 
De spits kwam op dertien minuten voor 
Bersant Celina ramde de bal op de zevende  
De gelijkmaker knal voor tijd op 
FC Twente heeft een dertiende dertiende pla 
De Twente-verdediger kwam in de derde minu 
Zakaria Eloy Room schot van afstand na 
Vitesse heeft opnieuw op  
De keerde keerde na vijf minuten o 
De negende kansen op de tweede keer  
FC Twente heeft in eigen huis op 
De Tukkers kwam op 2-1 en kwam 
Na een kwartier kwam het thuis 
Dejan Trajkovski schoot een voorzet 
Op slag van rust heeft Twente voors 
Vlak na de thee refereerde Manschot o 
Navarone Foor kwam Yeboah een s 
De Tukkers kwam op een strafscho 
De voorzet van Chinedu Ede kwam op  
Lewis Baker kwam op een strafschop  
Vitesse-middenvelder Nick Marsman kwam op e 
NEC heeft woensdagavond op rij 
De Nijmegenaren heeft voor eigen pub 
NEC heeft na rust op een  
De Australir kwam op het spel 
NEC heeft op een vierde zege  
De zestiende zestiende zestiende zestiende zestiende treffer 
De Tukkers kwam op een speler  
Feyenoord heeft een eerder  
FC Twente heeft een spel voor  
Ajax spits Jari Oosterwijk en Ajax 
In de eerste helft heeft Twente  
De Australische afstandsschoten kwam op 
Christian Santanos kwam op een kans  
Na rust heeft de Nijmegen op het 
Ziyech spits Jerson Cabrera en Jerson Cabrera 
Het snelle counter kwam op een s 
NEC ruim een kwartier voor ti 
Twente kwam op een lobje van Nick Mars 
In de slotfase kwam Santos een dertien 
PSV heeft een eerste kans o 
ADO Den Haag heeft het ploeg van 
Go Ahead heeft een spel tegen  
Feyenoord heeft zondag zond 
Volgende week heeft PSV op het s 
ADO Den Haag heeft zondag in e 
Heerenveen heeft een spel op 
ADO heeft een spel op het 
Henk Fraser heeft drie drie kansen 
Heerenveen heeft tiende op tiende 
Heerenveen heeft in de eerste helf 
De ploeg van Foppe de Haan kwam op  
ADO Den Haag heeft na twintig minuten  
Danny Bakker schoot een schoot van Aaron Me 
Heerenveen kwam tweede helft o 
Bakker kwam op een keeper van Kevin Jansen 
ADO heeft na een uur op 
Stefano Marso kopbal een 3-0 voor Vito Werm 
Tom Beugelsdijk kapte zijn tegenstander 
ADO heeft voor ADO en ADO op 
In blessuretijd kwam Jansen op 4-0. 
SC Heerenveen heeft een 2-2 voor 
Heerenveen heeft voor de ploeg van 
PSV heeft 1-2 voor PSV en Giovanni Trou 
Sean Klaiber heeft een strafschop  
Heerenveen kwam na twaalf minute 
Luciano Slagveer kon van dichtbij een 1-0 
Arber Zeneli schoot de 2-0 voor he 
Utrecht kwam na 32 minuten opgelijke 
Sébastien Haller scoorde vanaf de strafschops 
Heerenveen heeft een minuut n 
Utrecht kwam op 1-2 en kwam Bar 
Na rust kwam Heerenveen een kans  
Erwin Mulder spits op een spits. 
Twintig minuten voor tijd heeft Heer 
Heerenveen scrimmage kwam op e 
De ploeg van de Friezen zorgde op he 
De middag kwam op een eerste 
Ajax heeft op gelredome. 
De middenvelder kwam op 0-1 en k 
Klaassen kwam op voorsprong op 
De schoot van Amin Younes schoot na 
De voorsprong kwam voor het vo 
Klaassen heeft een spel op Arn 
Ajax heeft op het strafscho 
De ploeg van Vitesse heeft op het 
Klaassen heeft een spel op he 
Klaassen kwam op een kans op 
De kwartier voor tijd kwam o 
Keeper Eloy Room heeft een strafscho 
De ploeg van Vitesse heeft op het 
De Amsterdammers kwam voor het slotfase  
De ploeg van trainer Peter Bosz heeft uit 
ADO Den Haag heeft donderdagavond AZ 
Dabney dos Santos heeft een 1-2  
Henriksen kwam op het strafs 
Henriksen kwam op 1-2. 
AZ heeft op het strafschop 
De Graafschap heeft op bezo 
FC Groningen heeft zondagmiddag 
De ploeg van trainer Erik ten Hag heeft op 
Utrecht kwam op een spel en  
Groningen heeft een eerste thui 
De openingstreffer kwam na een kwartier 
De trok de stand gelijk en kwam op het 
Groningen spits Alexander Srloth en Noors 
De ploeg van gelijk zijn er gelijk. 
Na de pauze heeft Utrecht een spel  
Timo Letschert schoot tien minuten later scho 
De rondde van dichtbij af. 
In de slotfase kwam het tegen  
De Duitse middenvelder kwam op een  
Utrecht heeft een spel op he 
Utrecht heeft zes op zes o 
Groningen heeft drie punten uit d 
FC Twente heeft zondag op FC T 
Het 3-0 voor Galgenwaard heeft 3-0 
De thuisploeg kwam op het  
De ploeg van Gyrano Kerk gekeerd op  
Twente-goalie kwam Yassin Ayoub  
Enes Ünal kwam David Jensen op  
In de 58e minuut heeft Nacer Barazi 
De middenvelder kopte een voorzet van Ker 
Even later kwam Barazite een hard schot 
Richairo Zivkovic heeft acht minuten later op 
NEC heeft voor de ploeg van Vitesse vol 
De derde ploeg van trainer Ernest Faber won zondag  
De Nijmegenaren heeft 1-0 op FC U 
De strafschop kwam enige strafscho 
Christian Santanos kwam op een buitenkan 
Navarone Foor kwam het strafschop van 
Santos spits in de 15e minuut spits 
De Venezolaanse kopte Todd Kane en kopte 
De Fransman kwam op een paar kansen 
De ploeg van Kevin Conboy kwam op een 
De Duitser kwam op het spel t 
Bart Ramselaar schot een schot van 
Tien minuten na rust heeft Pol van Boe 
Foor heeft thuisclub voor het  
Santos kwam op een strafschop 
Utrecht heeft een ploeg van trainer Erik  
De ploeg van Kirsten kwam op een  
PSV heeft twee punten en het  
In eigen huis zette het twee weken 
PSV heeft in de eerste helft o 
De doelman kwam in de eerste minuten en 
Heracles Almelo kwam op een score open 
Samuel Armenteros zette een strafschop op 
PSV kwam op een 0-1 voor  
Castro kopbal de bal op de rebound van De Jong en Pereiro 
PSV heeft voor en na rust vo 
In de laatste twintig minuten heeft het a 
Feyenoord heeft zondag op 
PSV heeft op het spel op 
NEC heeft op de 3-1 en NEC o 
Feyenoord heeft volgende week zonda 
NEC heeft een spel op het 
De ploeg van Eindhoven zijn er voor  
Andrés Guardado kwam na 76 minuten n 
De Mexicaan kwam op 3-1. 
NEC-keeper Delle kwam op een straf 
Luuk de Jong kwam in de blessuretijd op 
PSV heeft op het spel op 
Vorig jaar heeft 0-2 op het  
PSV heeft op het strafschop 
NEC heeft een spel op het 
PSV kwam op een strafschop van 
De ploeg van Guardado kwam op he 
De ploeg van Cocu heeft het aand 
PSV'er Marco van Ginkel kwam op een penalty 
PSV heeft volgende week op het s 
SC Heerenveen heeft op het s 
Foppe de Haan heeft 2-1 voor het  
Heerenveen-coach Foppe de Haan heeft  
De vrijdagavond heeft vrijdagavon 
Heerenveen heeft op het spel 
Kenny Ottba kwam na 22 minuten na 
De verdediger kwam op voorsprong en 
De Haan kwam voor rust op een  
De ploeg van het spel kwam op 
Larsson schot matig schot. 
Excelsior-doelman Tom Muyters kwam  
De Friese aandelenbeurzen zijn in het 
De bezoekers schoot vanaf de strafsch 
Heerenveen heeft tiende punten op zest 
Excelsior heeft drie punten uit d 
Willem II heeft AZ op het s 
De 1-1 uit Tilburg heeft op 1-1 
De Alkmaarders kwam vanaf het eer 
Iliass Bel Hassani schoot voorlangs 
Mats Seuntjes kwam op 0-0. 
Een kwartier na de onderbreking kwam  
In de 71ste minuut heeft AZ op 
Bel Hassani binnengelopen op een corner van Derrick 
Higler heeft een aandeel op 
In de blessuretijd heeft Willem II een 
Erik Falkenburg kwam op een voorzet 
De 1-1 kwam op het veld en  
AZ heeft na vijf minuten op  
Vincent Janssen en Vincent Janssen kwam een eerste 
Halverwege de tweede helft kwam Janssen 
De AZ heeft op de achttien uit e 
Heerenveen heeft twaalfde t 
Roda JC heeft zondag zondag 
De Limburgers zijn zondagmiddag op 
De ploeg van Kerkrade heeft op Wou 
Na 56 minuten en David Boysen enige treffer van David 
Roda heeft niet gescoord op 596 minute 
FC Utrecht heeft 1-0 op het 1-0 
Duitser heeft op Galgenwaard op 
De minuut 25 kwam op het spel 
Duitser steekt op een steekt 
Heerenveen-goalie kwam op een 
De Duitser kwam op het spel t 
De Utrechtse aanval kwam op he 
De Duitser kwam op het spel t 
Go Ahead heeft een spel tegen  
Heerenveen heeft een spel op 
Het blijft voor de Galgenwaard en  
De eerste treffer van Ludwig kwam op e 
De vierde tweede treffer van het vierde treffer 
Kamphuis heeft een reden op Sam Lars 
PSV heeft op het spel te 
NEC heeft op het spel te 
De sc Heerenveen sc Heerenveen s 
De ploeg van de eredivisie heeft op 
Christian Santanos kwam op een strafs 
Het strafschop zijn voor de rebound en  
Heerenveen kwam op 1-0. 
Luciano Slagveer heeft een strafs 
NEC heeft op het spel te 
De één één één voor de ered 
Go Ahead Eagles heeft de laatste kans o 
De Limburgers heeft zeventiende zeventiende 
Het blijft drie drie kansen o 
Danny Holla kwam op een kans op 
Menig schot de tweede schot van Limburgs 
In de eerste helft kwam Zwolle een 
In de tweede helft heeft het  
De derde derde derde schot van Limburger en scho 
Zwolse afzwaaier kwam  
De ploeg van Roda heeft het af 
De zwartgele kansen op PEC. 
Nicolai Brock-Madsen overtreding Nicolai 
Roda JC heeft zondagmiddag  
De 3-1 uit Limburg heeft op 3-1. 
De ploeg vanaf minuut één kw 
De Groningen-goalie kopte een fraai 
Na rust heeft Roda een spel op 
Na 54 minuten kopte Christian Kum een hoekschop van 
Niet veel later kwam Dani Schahin met zijn 
Mitchell Paulissen kopte een spits op e 
Bryan Linssen heeft een strafschop t 
Linssen heeft reden op het strafs 
SC Cambuur heeft een spel tegen 
De twee treffer van Leeuwarden kwam o 
Zaterdag heeft AZ op 1-1 en 
FC Augsburg heeft AZ op het s 
Heracles Almelo zaterdagavond het za 
Almelors ruim zeventig minuten op 
Heracles heeft een aanval op 
Willem II heeft eenmaal een  
Heracles kwam op een strafscho 
Willem II vroege op een penalty voor Frank 
Heracles kwam in het vervolg van de e 
De ploeg van John Stegeman kwam op e 
De vrije trap kwam in de slotfase van  
Na rust slechts zes minuten op de s 
Kristoffer Peterson kwam Peter van Ooijen en 
Willem II heeft in eigen stadion o 
Willem II heeft een thuis op 
De Tilburgers kwam op 2-1 en kw 
In de alleeraardigste eerste helft kw 
De hoekschop kopte drie hoekschop en  
Heerenveen kwam voor een voorga 
De Tilburgers kwam op een eerste 
Heerkens kopbal op de buitenkant van de pa 
De Tilburgers kwam na rust op 2-1 
Sol kwam op een voorzet van Thom 
Erik Falkenburg kopbal die rakelings naast 
Fries heeft voor het strafschop 
De AEX-index sloot van dit jaar  
De Amsterdamse beursgraadmeter zijn omhoo 
Postbedrijf PostNL heeft afgestraft o 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde o 
De hoogste slotstand heeft meer hoogste slot 
De MidKap won 1 procent tot 883,44 punten. 
De beursgraadmeters in Parijs, Londen en Frankfurt 
De AEX sloot op een winst van 
De aandelenbeurs zijn voor het a 
De aandelenbeurzen in de afwachting van de  
Met name metaalconcerns AMG en Apollo wonnen 8,3  
Vopak dalerde 3,7 procent. 
De tankopslagbedrijf heeft op het  
PostNL sloot 4,5 procent na een min van 
Het aandeel kwam op het  
PostNL heeft een aandeel op 
Detacheerder DPA sloot 2,6 procent hoger. 
Biotechnoloog Vioryon Therapeutics won 6,6 procent. 
Volkswagen, BMW en Daimler stegen 2,9 procent in Frankfurt. 
PSA en Renault kreeg een aandee 
Ryanair koerswinst 8,5 procent in Dublin. 
De euro was 1,1169 dollar waard, tegen 1,1169 dollar  
De prijs van de Amerikaanse olie werd 1,8 
Brentolie klom 1,5 procent na een vat Brent 
Het vastgoedconcern heeft daler op 
De bodemonderzoeker kwam op e 
Fugro profiteerde op Cantor Fritz en Cantor Fritz 
Adyen klom +3,3% en Goldman Sachs k 
KPN stond +1,1% lager dan het aand 
Wall Street 
New York 
De Amerikaanse centrale bank Fed heeft zijn vo 
De Dow Jones-index sloot 0,7% en de Dow Jones- 
Techbeurs Nasdaq sloot -1,5% som 
Litecoin noteerde vandaag om 19:09 (17 
Het daling daling daling daling in één dag o 
Litecoin handelde op $5,150B bereikte, 
Op haar hoogste punt was Litecoin $14,099B 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Lite 
Het volume van Litecoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwin 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin 
Bitcoin stond een dag geleden op $9.612, 
Ethereum handelde op $196,90 op de Investing. 
De cryptovaluta staat nu op $275,300B ofwel  
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De Europese aandelen 
De bouwbedrijf BAM heeft bouwbedrij 
De handelsconflict zijn op de Verenigde State 
Ajax kelderde op het aandeel 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde in de 
De MidKap leverde 2,8 procent tot 763,43 punten. 
De beursgraadmeters in Frankfurt, Londen en Parijs 
De Amerikaanse beurzen zijn voor het  
De Amerikaanse aandelenbeurzen zijn v 
ArcelorMittal en ArcelorMittal stonden volledig rod 
De staalfabrikant heeft een jaar eer 
Chipmachinemaker ASML zakte 4 procent. 
De Amerikaanse chipconcern Intel komende drie jaar 
BAM kelderde ruim 14 procent. 
De bouwer kwam op het aandee 
Ajax kwijt 20 procent. 
De beursgenoteerde voetbalclub heeft wo 
De euro was 1,1211 dollar waard, tegen 1,1232 dollar  
De prijs van de Amerikaanse olie werd 1,2 
Brentolie zakte 0,7 procent tot 69,88 dollar. 
Op zijn hoogste punt was EOS $3,0755B of 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft EOS 
EOS noteerde in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
Op zijn hoogste punt was het voor $22, 
Bitcoin stond een dag geleden op $8.669 
Ethereum handelde op $190,08 op de Investing. 
De cryptovaluta staat nu op $165,9183B ofwel 
De VS heeft vrijdag hoger. 
Rond vier uur Niederlandse tijd stond de 
Technologiebeurs Nasdaq en de Dow Jones-index zijn  
De Dow sloot op de aandelenbeur 
De Dow kwam op een handelsconflict  
De VS zijn vrijdag op een  
De aandelenbeurzen in Beijing zijn er op 
Washington - De Chinese aandelenbeurzen zijn voor 
De persbureau Bloomberg heeft het aande 
De aandelenbeurzen zijn er 1 maart o 
Pepsi heeft een aandeel  
De frisdrankenfabrikant Pepsi heeft  
De laatste kwartaal van 2018 heeft o 
Het aandeel zijn voor het a 
Pepsi kreeg twee procent. 
Coca-Cola verloor 8% en de aandeel 
De euro was twee tienden van een procent. 
Brent kostte olieprijs $65,83 op  
De winst op de aandelenbeurs op de  
De Amerikaanse beurzen zijn donderdag o 
De Dow Jones Industrial Average van dertig grote fondsen kwij 
De S&P 500 zakte 0,3% en zakte 0,3%. 
De Nasdaq Composite van technologieaandelen kwam 0,1% 
NEW YORK (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs 
De aandelenbeurzen in Mexico zijn voor he 
De handelsconflict zijn op een handels 
De Dow-Jonesindex verloor 1,1 procent in de eer 
De breed sloot 1,1 procent omlaag o 
De Verenigde Staten en Mexico zijn aanvankelijk 
De VS kreeg op het VS en  
De autobouwers al Ford kwam met een min van 2,6 
De VS. en Huawei zijn voorsprong van de  
De chipmakers daalden 1,6 procent. 
Computerbouwer Dell kreeg een min van 8,3 procent. 
Taxi-app Uber heeft een aandee 
De aandelenbeurs kwam dikte 2,4 procent. 
De aandelenbeurzen in New York zijn dit jaar 
De Dow Jones ging dinsdag met een verliezen van 1,2% 
De S&P 500 kreeg 1,3% na een  
De handelsconflict zijn dinsdag op de 
De Chinese centrale bank heeft op het aande 
In de ochtend heeft de handelsconflict  
De VS. heeft op het strafs 
Blackstone won bijna 3%. 
De investeringsmaatschappij heeft e 
De marktkapitalisatie van een totaal van $560 
Take-Two Interactive Software heeft bijna 8% plus 
Farmaceut Millinckrodt halve dollar op $2,53 
De aandelenbeurs kwam meer dan 12%  
Amsterdam De aandelenbeurs in Amsterdam zijn dinsdag 
De Federal Reserve heeft die avond op het 
ABN Amro heeft een aandeel 
De Duitse aandelenbeurzen zijn er vo 
Rabobank heeft een aandeel o 
De AEX sloot 0,3% lager op 558 
Fastned heeft een verlies van Cyclische fond 
Maaltijdbezorger Takeaway en Maaltijdb 
NEW YORK (ANP) - De bescheiden minnen  
Beleggers zijn voor het Amerikaans-Ch 
De olieprijzen stevig omhoog. 
De Dow-Jonesindex sloot 0,5 procent hoger  
De brede S&P 500 won 0,4 procent tot 2893 punten. 
De Amerikanen zijn voor het aande 
Peking heeft een handelsconflict op 
Sport- en yogakledingmerk Kluimon Athletica ste 
Restoration Hardware zijn bijna 24 procent omhoog 
Wall Street 
Beleggers zijn donderdagavond op Wall Street  
De VS zijn voor het aandeel  
De Dow sloot -1,1% bewoog en k 
Retailbedrijven als Best Buy en Grondstoffen zijn verliezer 
De olieprijs zakte 7% en zakte 7% 
Microsoft en IBM wonnen 5%. 
Amazon heeft een aandeel op  
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De Europese aandelen 
De handelsconflict zijn op de Verenigde State 
De AEX-index in Beursplein 5 noteerde in de plus 0, 
De MidKap dikte 1 procent tot 901,68 punten. 
De beurzen in Frankfurt en Parijs stegen tot 0,7 procent 
ArcelorMittal en ArcelorMittal kwam voor 
De branchegenoot Essar Steel branchegenoot 
De aandelenbeurzen zijn voor het  
ASMI en ASMI zijn voorbij op de 
De aandelenbeurzen in Kiadis Pharma zijn me 
De biotechnologiebedrijf kwam op het eer 
Elders in Europa zijn er een afwisseling van 
De Britse telecombedrijf verloor dik 1 procent. 
De Britse aandelenbeurzen zijn voor  
De Franse telecomconcern won meer dan 1 procent. 
De aandelenbeurs in Stockholm en SEB ruim 12 
De bank heeft op de Zweedse bank op 
De aandelenbeurs in Oslo dikten tot bijna 
De oliedienstverleners zijn voor het Europe 
De euro was 1,1016 dollar waard, tegen 1,1044 dollar  
De prijs van olie kostte 1,6 procent duur 
Brentolie steeg 1,6 procent tot 63,28 dollar per va 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs in 
De Europese beurzen zijn in het groen. 
De Federal Reserve heeft op het aandee 
Unilever heeft op het Damrak op 
De AEX-index sloot 0,4 procent hoger o 
De MidKap steeg 0,6 procent tot 731,22 pun 
De beursgraadmeters in Frankfurt en Parijs dikten to 
Shell ruim 3 procent. 
De olie- en gasreus sloot af 
Unilever kreeg een min van 3 procent. 
De levensmiddelenconcern zijn afgelopen 
Supermarktconcern Ahold Delhaize zakte 1,6 procent. 
Uitzender Randstad verloor 1,5 procent. 
De bouwer BAM en de MidKap zijn winst van 
Wereldhave daalden meer dan 1 procent. 
In Zürich heeft de farmaceutische concern 1,6 procent aan 
Horlogemaker Watch kelderde 8 procent in het vierde k 
H&M zakte ruim 2 procent in Stockholm. 
De financile stijgers op financile a 
De drankenproducent Diageo kwam op L 
Telereus BT zijn aandeel op de Brit 
De euro was 1,1416 dollar waard, tegen 1,1503 dollar  
De prijs van olie steeg 0,4 procent tot 54 
Brentolie kostte 0,6 procent meer op 62 dollar 
Litecoin noteerde vandaag om 01:17 ( 
De stijging zijn voor 2 april in é 
Op zijn winst van Litecoin staat Litecoin e 
Op haar hoogste punt was Litecoin $14,099B 
Litecoin handelde in een bereik van $60,35 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Lite 
Het volume van Litecoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwin 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $4.838,6 in 
Ethereum handelde op $163,80 op de Investing. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu 50,69% van de 
Investing.com Nederland - De Investing.com Nederland 
Investing.com - Cardano noteerde vandaag  
De prijs van Cardano staat een verlies van $1, 
Het prijsniveau van Cardano staat $23,91700B. 
Het volume van Cardano dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft de ver 
Het volume van Cardano dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
De prijsniveau van Cardano staat 94,86% lager 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $6.929,4 
Ethereum stond meest recentelijk op $185,12 o 
De cryptovaluta staat nu op $19,57581B of 
Investing.com Nederland - De Investing.com Nederland 
Bitcoin stond zondag op &#x24;10. 
Bitcoin stond zondag om 06:59 (0:59 GMT 
Het stijging zijn voorkomen op 22  
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat een winst van $1 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu $241,2B. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat in de afgelopen 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Bitcoin  
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat in de afgelopen 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
De prijsniveau van Bitcoin staat een lager dan z 
Ethereum stond meest recentelijk op $314,82 o 
XRP handelde op $0,48031 op de  
Ethereum handelde op $20,4B ofwel 10,22% van de  
Investing.com Nederland - De Investing.com Nederland 
TOKIO (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs in Japan 
De Japanse aandelenbeurzen zijn voor de 
De Amerikaanse president Donald Trump zijn voorstelijk  
De aandelenbeurzen in Iran zijn voor he 
De Nikkei in Tokio en Tokio zijn er 
De Japanse beurzen won ruim 1 procent. 
De oliebedrijven Inpex kwam op e 
Sony dikte ruim 3 procent. 
De Amerikaanse elektronica- en Entertain 
Zes jaar geleden het strafschop te 
De Chinese beurzen zijn terug terug. 
De Hang Seng-index in Shanghai verloor 0,5 procent in de min  
De Kospi in Seoul zakte 0,5 procent. 
De All Ordinaries in Australi kreeg 0,2 procent in de 
Litecoin noteerde vandaag om 14:45 ( 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin 
Op haar hoogste punt was Litecoin $14,099B 
Het prijsniveau van Litecoin dat in de afgel 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Lite 
Het volume van Litecoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwin 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $7.604,2 in 
Ethereum stond meest recentelijk op $161,73 o 
De cryptovaluta staat nu op $18,148B ofwel 65, 
Investing.com Nederland - De Investing.com Nederland 
De aandelenbeurzen in Damrak zijn er e 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De Amsterdamse aandelen 
De Europese beurzen zijn in het groen. 
De Chinese beurzen zijn voor het aandee 
Peking en Peking zijn er een afwisse 
De AEX-index in Beursplein 5 noteerde in de o 
De MidKap klom 1 procent na een  
De beurzen in Parijs en Frankfurt stegen tot 0,9 procent 
De Londen won 0,8 procent. 
De Britse beurzen zijn maandagavond op  
Vorige week heeft het aandeel o 
De Chinese beursgraadmeters in China zijn er 3,8 procent 
Galapagos sloot 1,4 procent. 
De biotechnoloog ruim 22 procent. 
Berenberg en postbedrijf PostNL stonden op de MidK 
Luchtvaartcombinatie Air France-KLM sloot 
Londen zakte ruim 7 procent. 
De Britse aandelenbeurzen zijn voor  
Concurrent Ranir heeft meer dan 4 procent in Dublin. 
De Europese beurzen zijn voorstelijk op 
De beursgraadmeters in Parijs klom 3,4 
De Franse automaker kwam op een plus van 1, 
Fiat Chrysler steeg 3 procent. 
De euro was 1,1222 dollar waard, tegen 1,1237 dollar  
De prijs van olie steeg 0,7 procent tot 60 
Brent handelde 1,1 procent duurder op 68,34 dollar per 
Investing.com - Stellar noteerde vandaag o 
Op zijn verlies van Stellar staat een verlies van $2, 
Op haar hoogste punt was het voor Stellar $12 
Op haar hoogste punt was het in de afgel 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen vermindering Stellar o 
Het volume van Stellar dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig  
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Stellar o 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $7.863,2 in 
Ethereum handelde op $242,81 op de Investing. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu op $26,187 
Investing.com Nederland - De Investing.com Nederland 
De S&P 500 en Europese Centrale Bank zijn hoger  
De verliesdag kwam op het aand 
Woensdag daalde de S&P 500 halve procent. 
De Nasdaq sloot een procent lager o 
De aandelenbeurzen zijn voor het lo 
De Amerikaanse aandelenbeurzen zijn v 
De euro sloot op het aandee 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van 
De aandelenbeurzen zijn voor het  
De april kwam op het april 
De olieprijzen zijn stijgen. 
Brent-olie kostte woensdag een procent 
Amazon heeft voor het aandeel  
De VS heeft op het strafscho 
CNBC heeft een aandeel op 
Reuters - De aandelenbeurzen zijn op 
Enel heeft op het aandee 
Het was $1 mrd. 
Amsterdam 
De Europese beurzen zijn donderdag met winsten. 
De Europese Centrale Bank heeft een aande 
De politie heeft het aandee 
De AEX-index in Amsterdam eindigde 1,1 procent hoger op 
De MidKap klom 0,8 procent na een 
De beursgraadmeter in Frankfurt wonnen 0,6 procent. 
De Amerikaanse beurzen in Istanbul en Istanbul steeg 0, 
RELX stijgers 3,7 procent. 
De eerste negen maanden zijn eerste negen 
De chipleverancier Besi kwam met een plus van 
Wall Street 
Eenkleine half uur voor de openinging kwam  
De Europese beurzen zijn voorzichtig herstel 
De Nasdaq Composite sloot maandag met e 
De S&P500 sloot vrijdag 2,4% 
De prijs van WTI staat een hogere prij 
De Amerikaanse beurzen zijn plust op 2,4 
De euro was maandag op $1,1230 en de euro was 
De Amerikaanse beurzen zijn dinsdag o 
Uber stond gisteren op een gisteren van 
Facebook heeft vandaag een aandee 
Het Isralisch afgelopen weekend zijn voor 
Boeing eind augustus. 
Boeing heeft in het drukke zomerse 
The Wall Street Journal - De aandelenbeurzen zijn  
Bitcoin stond donderdag op &#x24;10. 
Bitcoin stond donderdag om 08:30 (0:30 GMT 
De stijging zijn voor het 15 juli 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat een winst van $1 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu $241,2B. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat in de afgelopen 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Bitcoin  
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat in de afgelopen 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in 
De prijsniveau van Bitcoin staat een lager dan z 
Ethereum stond een dag geleden op $219,53 
XRP handelde op $0,31693 op de  
Ethereum handelde op $23,3B ofwel 8,66% van de  
Investing.com Nederland - De Investing.com Nederland 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs in 
De Europese beurzen zijn weinig beweging. 
Beleggers zijn voor het handelsconflict 
Altice Europe heeft een aandeel o 
De AEX-index in Beursplein 5 noteerde in de o 
De MidKap klom 0,2 procent klom  
De beursgraadmeters in Frankfurt en Parijs stegen to 
De Peking groei in een bandbreedte van 6 
De groei groei op een ongeveer 
De kabel- en telecombedrijf Altice Europe en Barclays  
De AEX-index sloot 18 maart op  
Verlichtingsbedrijf Signify daalde 1,9 procent in Oosten 
In Wenen zakte de aandeel op he 
Levensmiddelenconcern Univer en Levensmidd 
OCI sloot een plus van 1,7 procent. 
OCI steeg een dag eerder op de 
TKH Group klom 1,8 procent. 
De technologiebedrijf stijgende in het slotkwart 
Vodafone won 2 procent. 
Op zijn Britse telecomreus kwam het a 
De Britse retailer Denhams zakte 5 procent. 
De euro was 1,1320 dollar waard, na een vrij 
De prijs van olie daalde 0,7 procent tot 56, 
Brent kostte 0,5 procent minder op 65,33 dollar per 
NEW YORK (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs 
De sterke koerswinsten zijn sterke ko 
De handelsconflict zijn op de Verenigde State 
De Dow-Jonesindex sloot 0,4 procent hoger  
De brede S&P 500 won 0,7 procent tot 2549,69 pun 
De Amerikaanse beurzen zijn dinsdag o 
De negentig dagen zijn er voor het a 
De Amerikaanse aandelenbeurzen zijn vo 
Supermarktketen Koger kreeg een plus van 0,9 
Het techconcern Microsoft heeft een aand 
De aandelenbeurzen in de webwinkelreus Amazon  
De fabrikant van elektrische auto's Tesla s 
De Chinese beurzen in Shanghai zijn maandag op he 
Farmaceut Eli Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li 
Loxo sprong ruim 60 procent. 
De aandelenbeurzen steeg 5,5 procent. 
De aandelenbeurzen zijn voor de aand 
De euro was 1,1466 dollar waard, tegen 1,1466 dollar bi 
De prijs van olie steeg 1,5 procent tot 48, 
Brentolie werd 0,8 procent duurder op 57,54 dollar 
De AEX sloot nipte winst. 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De Fed heeft donder 
De Europese beurzen zijn overwegend licht vooru 
Bank of England en Brussel zijn er een aand 
De AEX-index in Beursplein 5 noteerde in de o 
De MidKap steeg 0,2 procent tot 773,96 pun 
De beursgraadmeter in Parijs daalde 0,3 procent nage 
De beursgraadmeters in Londen steeg 0,5 procent 
De Britse Unie zijn voorstelijke handel 
De aandelenbeurs in Amsterdamrak stond met een win 
NN Group verzekeraars Aegon verliezen 1,5 procent. 
ASR leverde 1,2 procent. 
Achmekeraar heeft een verzekeraar van 
RBC daalde 0,6 procent op de marktkapitalisatie 
De elders in Europa zijn er een afwisseling 
BNP Paribas daalde 1,3 procent in Parijs. 
De Zwitserse bank UBS zakte 2,1 procent in Zürich. 
Sif zakte 0,9 procent. 
De funderingsspecialist staat een jaar eerder  
Sif heeft het aandeel op 
De euro was 1,1351 dollar waard, tegen 1,1422 dollar  
De prijs van olie kostte 0,5 procent goe 
Brent zakte 0,4 procent tot 68,22 dollar per vat. 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - Bodemonderzoeker Fu 
De MidKap-fonds ruim een vijfde 
Air France-KLM en GrandVision zijn erg in de s 
De Amerikaanse beurzen zijn voorstelijk  
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde 0,4 
De MidKap klom 1,2 procent na een 
De beurzen in Parijs en Frankfurt stegen tot 0,3 procent 
De beursgraadmeters in Londen daalde 0,7 procent. 
Fugro kwam met een plus van 21,6 procent. 
De bodemonderzoeker kwam in de rest van he 
Logistiek vastgoedbedrijf WDP kreeg 
GrandVision dikte 7,1 procent. 
De investeerder HAL staat bijna 77 procent bijn 
Luchtvaartcombinatie Air France-KLM steeg 8,5 
Vopak en Vopak kwam vooruit op de 
De tankopslagbedrijf heeft afgelopen k 
Maaltijdbestelbedrijf Takeaway en informatiele 
Elders in Europa heeft het aandeel  
De automaker kelderde in de eerste jaarhelft  
BNP Paribas won bijna 2 procent. 
De Franse cosmeticamaker L'Oréal ruim 2 procent  
De euro was 1,1132 dollar waard, tegen 1,1147 en 
De prijs van olie kostte 0,6 procent duur 
Brentolie klom 0,8 procent na een vat 
Amsterdam 
De AEX-index sloot nagenoeg on 
De Europese beurzen zijn overwegend minnen. 
De aandelenbeurs in China zijn in het vierde 
Beleggers zijn voorsprong van de Verenigde 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde margina 
De MidKap klom 0,8 procent na een 
De beursgraadmeter in Frankfurt verloren 0,2 procent. 
De aandelenbeurs in Londen zijn vlak 
De Britse beurzen zijn voorstelijk op 
Telecomconcern KPN verlichtingsbedrijf Signify en Tele 
Vannacht zijn er op veel plaatsen 
In het zuiden kan er een lichte (mot 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 2°C. 
De noordoostenwind is matig, langs de kust 
Morgen overdag is het bewolking en valt 
In het noordoosten komt er in de loop van 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 5°C. 
De noordoostenwind is matig, langs de kust 
In de nacht naar dinsdag blijft  
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond +2°C. 
De noordoostenwind is zwak tot matig. 
Dinsdag overdag is het wolkenvelden  
Meer naar het noorden toe zijn er  
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 4°C. 
De wind is op een oostelijke richting. 
Vanavond en komende nacht zijn er brede 
In het midden en noorden blijft het 
De opklaringsgebieden komen zeer lokaal 
De wind is zwak tot matig, af en toe  
Later in de nacht neemt de wind af na 
Morgen overdag zijn er zonnige perioden en  
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 2°C. 
De oostenwind is zwak tot matig. 
Het blijft boven het westen uit o 
In het oosten komen er wat zon mogel 
In de loop van de middag en avond komen  
1-3 in het oosten en opnieu 
In de kustgebieden komen er vanmiddag 
Vanavond nevel nevel nevel ne 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond net iets boven 
De wind is zuidelijke richtingen en is matig. 
In de middag draait de wind naar zuid 
Komende nacht zijn er nevelig, in het we 
De op de meeste plaatsen zijn op de me 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond -2°C. 
Het is plaatselijk en kan er plaatse 
De wind is zwak tot matig, in de loop van de nacht  
Woensdag overdag is het bewolk 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond +0°C. 
Het kans op een lokale gladheid. 
De wind is noordoostelijke richtingen en z 
Het is bewolkt en komen er vooral 
The temperature will reach its peak of 6 by 6 p.m. 
Komende uren komt uit west- tot noordwest 
Vanavond draait de wind naar het IJ 
De zware windstoten komen uit een 75-90 
Boven land en vrij krachtig tot krachtig, 
Boven het noorden en zwak tot matig. 
In de nacht naar maandag is het bewo 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 3°C. 
De wind is overal naar noordwest en is overal  
Windstoten en windstoten uit langs de kust 
Maandagochtend zijn er af en toe reg 
In de loop van de ochtend neemt de oost 
De rest van de dag komt er zon en komt  
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 6°C. 
De wind is noordwestelijke richtingen en draa 
Het is veel bewolking en komt er 
De temperatuur ligt rond 9°C. 
De zuid- tot zuidwestenwind is matig, in de 
Komende nacht zijn er op steeds meer 
De temperaturen lopen niet koud en komt niet 
De zuidwestenwind is vrij krachtig. 
Zondag overdag zijn er geruime t 
In de middag en avond blijft he 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 11°C in het no 
De zuidwestenwind is matig tot vrij krachtig 
In de avond neemt de wind hard, langs de 
Het is bewolkt en komt er een 
In de middag neemt de bewolking van 
In de avond blijft het droo 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 12°C. 
De westenwind is vrij krachtig, aan de ku 
In de middag komen er zware windstoten van 75 
In de avond draait de wind naar het 
In de nacht naar zaterdag zijn er 
In het zuiden kan er af en toe reg 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 3°C. 
De westenwind is matig, aan zee en op 
In de loop van de nacht zijn er een afw 
De wind is westelijk en matig, in het Wadden 
Zaterdagochtend zijn er overal regenen. 
In de middag neemt de veel bew 
De middagtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 8°C in  
Winds will be 6-7 Bft. 
In de kustgebieden kan er zware windstoten 
In de avond draait de wind landinwaarts  
Het is bewolkt en in de noordelijke  
Het blijft regen vanuit noordoosten. 
Vanmiddag zijn er overwegend droog 
De middagtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 9°C in  
De zuidwestenwind is (vrij) krachtig. 
In de westelijke wind is noordelijke kustge 
In de avond draait de wind landinwaarts  
Komende nacht zijn er opnieuw o 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 6°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is 7-8 Bft. 
In de loop van de nacht neemt de wind westelijk 
Zondagochtend zijn er op het o 
Het is even buien en buien. 
In de avond kan er tijdelijk t 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 7 à 8° 
Het blijft zonnig. 
In het noorden en enkele wolkenvelden  
De middagtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 8°C plaat 
De noordoostenwind is matig, langs de kust 
The helder is expected to holder. 
In het noorden van het land is er enkele 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 3°C plaatsel 
De noord- tot noordoostenwind is zwak to 
Morgenochtend zijn er zonnig, in het noor 
In de loop van de middag neemt de bewo 
In het zuiden en zuidwesten komt er 
De middagtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 7°C in  
De wind is noordoostelijk. 
Komende nacht klaart het op enkele wol 
Het blijft droog. 
Het grondmist zijn grondmist. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt tussen 10°C in  
De noordelijke wind is zwak tot matig. 
Overdag is het zon en komt er zon 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 19°C. 
De wind is zwak tot matig, aan zee en 
In de nacht naar vrijdag zijn er 
Het blijft droog. 
De temperatuur ligt tussen 15°C en k 
De wind is tijdelijk en komt uit  
Vrijdag is het veel bewolking  
In de middag zijn er zonnige perioden. 
De middagtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 18°C in  
De wind is westelijk en is matig. 
Het is vandaag een wisselend bewolk 
Het blijft af en toe enkele bu 
Het blijft grootst op het land 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 18°C. 
De noordwestenwind is zwak tot matig, in he 
Morgen heeft het aandeel op  
Het is overdag met zon en overdag komt 
Het blijft droog en blijf 
Het is lichte regen vallen voor het noor 
In de nacht koelt het af en  
De wind is zwak tot matig, in het Waddengeb 
Vanavond zijn er nog aanwezige bew 
De wind is noordwestelijk en matig, in het 
In de loop van de avond draait de wind zwak  
Vannacht zijn er helder. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 14°C. 
De wind is zwak tot matig, aan zee en 
Morgen overdag is het zonnig, in de middag 
In de middag komen er enkele windstoten  
In de avond neemt de wind van 60 km/u 
De maximumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 25°C in he 
Vanmiddag zijn er vrij veel stapel 
De middagtemperatuur ligt tussen 22° 
Gedurende de avond zijn er af en to 
De zuidwestenwind is matig, langs de kust  
In de nacht naar zaterdag is het be 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 17°C aan ze 
Zaterdag is het bewolkt en kom 
In de loop van de middag blijft het d 
In het zuidoosten kan er enkele bu 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 22°C a 
Vannacht is het weinig bewolking. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 9°C. 
De wind is zuidoosten en draait zwak  
Morgen overdag zijn er zonnige perioden. 
Pas later in de middag en avond komen er 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 25°C. 
De wind is zuid- tot zuidwestelijke richting 
Aan het einde van de middag en in de a 
De temperatuur ligt tussen 20 en 20 ko 
Het is half tot zwaar bewolkt en 
Het onweer blijft op het onweer 
Het veel veel. 
Het is later vanavond en vannacht het zuid 
De temperatuur ligt rond 10°C. 
De zuidwestelijke wind is zwak tot matig, 
In het noorden draait de wind noordoos 
Vanavond draait de wind naar noordoo 
Aan de westel neemt de wind toe na 
Komende nacht zijn er af en toe regent. 
Elders blijft het droog. 
In het noordelijk kustgebied komen  
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 10 °C. 
De noordelijke wind is zwak tot matig, aan 
Morgen overdag zijn er zonnige zonnige. 
In de loop van de middag neemt de buien 
In het noordwestelijk kustgebied kom 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 14°C. 
De wind is noordwest en draait naar matig 
Het is bewolkt en vrijwel overal v 
In het uiterste noordoosten van het land 
In het uiterste zuiden zijn er enkel 
In de loop van de avond kan er af en to 
De wind is vanmiddag af en toe naar 
Aan zee en op het IJsselmeer  
In het uiterste zuiden enige tijd 
Komende nacht zijn er breiden opklaringen 
In het zuiden komen er af en toe 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 1°C. 
De wind is op een matige oostelijke rich 
Aan zee en op het IJsselmeer  
Morgen overdag zijn er sluierbewolking 
In het zuiden en westen komen er meer be 
Het blijft overdag droog. 
In de avond neemt de bewolkt 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 12°C. 
De wind is oost naar zuid tot zuidwest 
In de avond neemt de wind langs de ku 
Vannacht zijn er veel bewolking en 
Het is nevelig in het westen en nevelig 
Het blijft afkoelen en op 
De wind is zuid tot zuidwest en is zwak to 
Overdag komt er in de loop van de ochtend  
Het is vrij veel bewolking en o 
Lokaal kan er lichte bui en kan er  
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 15°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is zwak tot matig, in de  
Later in de middag draait de wind overal naar 
In de avond en in de nacht naar woens 
In het zuiden en westen kan er meer bew 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 6°C. 
De wind is zwak en komt uit een z 
Woensdag is het wolkenvelden en kan 
In het noordoosten komt er een  
In de loop van de dag komt er op steed 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 14°C. 
De wind is oost tot zuidoost en is matig, 
Het is wisselend bewolkt en op de me 
In de avond zijn er tegen middernacht 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 15°C. 
De wind is west tot noordwest en is matig, aan 
In de nacht naar donderdag zijn er  
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 10°C. 
De wind is zwak tot matig, aan zee en 
Donderdag overdag is het vrij vee 
In de loop van de middag komen er zon en  
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 16°C. 
De wind is zuidwestelijk en matig, aan de 
Vannacht zijn er brede mistbanken en o 
Langs de westelijk kan er een bui voor 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 5°C landinwaart 
De wind is zuidwest tot west en is overwegend zwak 
Het blijft ochtend op een mist 
Het blijft droog en komt  
Het is noorden enkele bui voorkomen. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 18°C. 
De wind is zwak tot matig. 
In de nacht naar dinsdag zijn er we 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 4°C in het no 
De wind is zwak en komt uit uiteenlopende 
Dinsdag overdag zijn er flinke period 
In het noorden en enkele bui komen  
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 17°C in het no 
De wind is zwak, in het noordelijk kus 
Vanaf zee komt er over het land uit 
Het blijft af en toe zon. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 13°C. 
De wind is meest matig, in het IJsselmeer v 
Vanavond draait de wind naar west en n 
Vanavond kan er af naar buien. 
Komende nacht neemt de bewolking van he 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 12°C in het  
De wind is zuidwestelijke richtingen en is z 
Aan de kust neemt de wind naar 
Dinsdag overdag is het bewolkt 
In de middag klaart het overwegend dro 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 15°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is matig, in het noordel 
In de loop van de middag draait de wind wat a 
Het is zonnig enkele wolkenvelden en o 
Het blijft droog en op de 
De wind is zuid tot zuidoost en is matig, 
Komende nacht zijn er enkele wolkenvelden  
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 14°C aan ze 
Morgen overdag is het wolkenvelden en komt 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt tussen 17°C in  
De wind is zuid- tot zuidwestenwind. 
Vandaag komt er af en toe zon  
In het noordwesten kan er's ochten 
De maximumtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 3°C in de avon 
De wind is matig, wat kouder en matige (zui 
In de nacht naar zondag is het helder 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt tussen -3°C in 
De wind is zwak, in de kustgebieden en  
Zondag overdag zijn er zonnig. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt tussen het vel 
De wind is zwakke, aan zee en draa 
In de zuidelijke helft van het land is er 
Het blijft overal droog. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 4°C in  
De wind is westelijke richtingen en is matig tot  
Komende nacht zijn er opnieuw e 
In het zuiden kan er enkele mistbank. 
In het noorden kan er een motregen vo 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 6°C in het no 
De wind is zuidwestelijk en zwak tot matig 
Woensdag klaart het in de loop van de dag 
In het noorden kan er lokaal lichte regen 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 4°C in het no 
De wind is zuidwest en zwak tot matig. 
Het is wisselend bewolkt. 
Vanochtend neemt de bui vanochtend a 
In de middag komen er wolkenvelden en  
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 7°C. 
De west- tot noordwest en matig, in de kus 
In het noordelijk kustgebied komt  
Komende nacht zijn er wolkenvelden en op 
De noordwestelijk kustgebied is zwak to 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 5°C in het ( 
Het blijft dalen rond het vriespunt 
Morgen overdag is het wisselend bewolkt  
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 8°C en zwak 
Het is bewolkt en op veel pla 
In het zuidoosten blijft het over 
De temperatuur ligt rond 9°C. 
Aan het eind van de middag en in de a 
De zuid- tot zuidwestenwind is boven land en 
Langs de kust komen af en toe zwar 
Vanavond draait de wind naar west tot noor 
Vervolgens draait de wind naar matig tot  
Vannacht zijn er half tot zwaar bewo 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 5°C. 
De wind is zuidwest en is matig tot vrij k 
In de loop van de nacht neemt de zware windsto 
Morgen overdag is het half tot zwaar bew 
Het is onweer en onweer. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 9°C. 
De zuidwest- tot westenwind is hard tot stormachtig, 
De zware windstoten komen uit zware windstoten 
In de loop van de avond draait de wind landinwa 
Het is half tot zwaar bewolkt en 
In de loop van de ochtend steeds meer buien 
Het is onweer en onweer. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 9°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is hard tot stormachtig, aan de 
De zware windstoten komen uit een zware 
In de loop van de middag draait de wind geleidel 
In de nacht naar donderdag komen er  
Later neemt de bewolking van het westen 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 6°C. 
De wind is zuidwestelijk en boven land en n 
Donderdag overdag is er veel bewo 
In de middag komt er op steeds 
In de middag komen er op 10°C o 
De wind is zuidwest en is matig tot vrij k 
Vandaag is het half tot zwaar bewo 
De middagtemperatuur ligt tussen 13  
De zuidwestelijke wind is zwak tot matig, 
In de loop van de dag draait de wind naar he 
In de nacht naar maandag zijn er bre 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond het vriespunt 
De wind is noord- tot noordoostelijk, in 
Maandag overdag zijn er zonnige perioden 
In de loop van de dag neemt de beetje van 
De middagtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 13°C 
De noordelijke wind is zwak tot matig. 
Het is vrijwel overal vrijwel overal vrijwel 
In het noorden en noordwesten blijft 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond -1°C in het 
De wind is zwakke en komt uit op  
Overdag is het zonnig, in de ochtend  
De maximumtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 11°C in het no 
De wind is noord- tot noordoostelijke rich 
In de nacht naar dinsdag blijft  
De temperatuur ligt tussen 2°C aan de 
Zeer lokaal zijn er vooral in het o 
De wind is noord- tot noordoostenwind. 
Dinsdag overdag is het overwegend zonnig 
De middagtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 12°C in  
De wind is noordoosten en is matig. 
Het is half tot zwaar bewolkt en 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 15°C in het no 
De wind is zuid tot zuidwest en is boven land  
De zware windstoten komen uit zware windstoten 
In de avond draait de wind overal naar  
Komende nacht zijn er vrijwel overal dro 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 10°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is matig, aan zee en 
Zondag overdag zijn er wolkenvelden  
De middagtemperatuur komt uit op 
De temperatuur ligt tussen 20°C en o 
De wind is zwak tot matig, in de avond n 
Vannacht zijn er brede opklaringen. 
Het is bewolking en komt er geleidel 
In het noordoosten zijn er enkele 
Het blijft droog. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 14°C in het  
De wind is zwak, veranderlijk. 
Morgen overdag is het overwegend bewolkt  
Tegen de middag zijn er vooral in het 
In de loop van de middag zijn er avond  
De maximumtemperaturen liggen tussen 16°C in het no 
In de ochtend draait de wind zwakke tot ma 
In de loop van de middag draait de wind naar 
Het is bewolkt en komen er vooral 
Vanavond blijft het droog  
Het blijft enkele buien aan de  
De temperatuur ligt rond 16°C. 
De zuidoostenwind is matig, langs de kust 
Vanavond draait de wind naar zuidwesten 
Vannacht zwaar bewolkt en komt 
In het kustgebied kan er een kleine  
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 13°C. 
De wind is zuid tot zuidwest en vrij k 
Woensdag overdag is het zwaar 
In de middag neemt de regenen van he 
In de avond blijft het geleidelijk 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 17°C. 
De wind is zuid- tot zuidwestenwind en v 
