A bar fight ends in a violent shooting overnight in southeast Houston. 
Police say at least two men were shot at La Revolucion Sports Bar on San Antonio and Channelside Streets. 
One person is in critical condition, and as many as four victims may be involved. 
Two of the victims showed up seeking help at Bayshore Medical Center. 
The shooter is on the run, driving away in a baby blue Chrysler 300. 
Authorities have identified a 19-year-old woman who was fatally wounded in a drive-by shooting at a west Phoenix house party. 
They say Jermonee Tolliver Moore was taken to a trauma center after the shooting early Sunday and later died. 
Police say three men also were shot and two suffered critical injuries. 
The wounded men range in age from 19 to 21. 
Phoenix police say officers responded to a home near 107th Avenue and Camelback Road about 2 a.m. Sunday. 
The Kern County Coroner has identified the woman killed in the shooting to be 51-year-old Lurbis Elena Vence of Molino, Colombia. 
One person is dead and five others were injured during a shooting on Greyhound bus in Lebec Monday morning. 
Police said the shooting happened around 1:30 a.m. on the bus as it was headed north on I-5 over the Grapevine. 
During the shooting, a 51-year-old woman from Colombia was shot and killed. 
Police have identified the other five who were injured as: 
45-year-old Hispanic male who was airlifted out with major injuries 
39-year-old black female with major injuries 
19-year-old Hispanic female 
49-year-old Hispanic male who is stable with moderate injuries 
A Hispanic female minor 
After the shooting, the passengers disarmed the suspect and the bus driver pulled over to the right shoulder and the gunman left the bus voluntarily and left the gun behind on the bus before being arrested by authorities. 
Police said the suspect used a nine millimeter handgun during the shooting. 
A 20-year-old man was killed and three others suffered non-life threatening gunshot wounds at a University City apartment early Saturday. 
Medic pronounced the victim dead at the scene. 
Police on Saturday night identified him as Adrian Potts. 
Two other male victims remained hospitalized at Carolinas Medical Center University, while the fourth victim was treated and released at the hospital Saturday morning, police said. 
The shootings happened shortly before 3 a.m. after a fight broke out during a large gathering at the apartment, police said. 
The apartment is in the 4000 block of Collegiate Avenue, off Pavilion Boulevard south of PNC Music Pavilion. 
The shooting occurred about 5:30 p.m. in the 5300 block of East Rosedale Street, near Rosedale Plaza Park. 
Four people, including two preschoolers, were injured Sunday evening in a drive-by shooting in Fort Worth, police say. 
A man opened fire about 5:30 p.m. outside Smokey's Paradise Food Mart in the 5300 block of East Rosedale Street, near Rosedale Plaza Park. 
He fired from a gray Nissan Altima and left the area going west, police said. 
The two children, both 3-year-olds, were transported in serious condition to Cook Children's Medical Center. 
One child was shot in the leg and the other was shot in the arm, police said. 
The two men, a 19-year-old and a 20-year-old, were both shot in the leg, police said. 
Both adults were transported to John Peter Smith Hospital. 
One was in serious condition and the other had minor injuries, according to MedStar. 
None of the injuries were thought to be life-threatening. 
Four men were shot near Lewis Street in Rochester early Saturday. 
Rochester police responded at 4:09 a.m. to 188 Lewis St. after a 911 caller reported a man shot, Rochester Police Department Capt. Michael Callari said in a news release. 
At that time, Rochester General Hospital reported receiving four gunshot victims who arrived in private vehicles. 
Rickey Harvey, 29, Patrick Carter, 34, Joel Allen and Darelle Scott, 26, were shot at least once in the upper body. 
None of the injuries were life-threatening, Callari said. 
Details of the incident are unknown. 
Five people were shot Wednesday evening at a southwest Fresno market two blocks from Edison High School, where a boys water polo playoff match was briefly halted until police secured the shooting scene. 
The shooting occurred just before 6 p.m. in the parking lot outside of Zack's Market at California Avenue and Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard. 
Police said three men, one boy and one girl were hit. 
One of the men is in serious condition, police Lt. Dave Ramos said. 
The other victims had nonlethal injuries, he said. 
Ramos did not know the age of the children. 
The victims were transported to Community Regional Medical Center. 
Police believe the victims were targeted, but they don't know whether the shooting was gang-related, Ramos said. 
He said a large group of people was gathered in the parking lot when the gunman came up and began shooting. 
Police said the only description they have so far is that the suspect is a black man who fled in possibly a white SUV. 
He is still being sought. 
At Edison High School two blocks away, the Division III boys water polo semi-final between Edison and Exeter High was interrupted briefly because of the shooting. 
The man who police say pulled the trigger at a house party in Hobbs is facing charges for the murders of three people. 
Initially, Bishop Henderson was charged with assault after witnesses told police they saw him shoot a man in the face. 
However, Henderson is now charged with three counts of first-degree murder for the deaths of Kristal Avena, Khalil Carter and Lamar Lee-Kane. 
Court documents do not indicate why investigators now believe Henderson fired the deadly shots. 
Police cars and yellow crime scene tape surround the area in front of the Lux nightclub on Worthington Street, where four people were wounded in a shooting Sunday morning. 
A total of five gunshot victims were being treated at Baystate Medical Center in connection with two early Sunday shootings in Springfield. 
Four people were wounded after they apparently got caught in the crossfire between two rival groups firing at each other outside Lux Nightclub at 90 Worthington St. just before 2 a.m. Sunday. 
Springfield police Capt. Harry Kastrinakis said preliminary information indicates the groups were involved in a shootout as people were leaving the nightclub around closing time. 
An estimated 20 rounds were fired. 
Police responded to the scene at 1:58 a.m. 
Some officers who were within earshot of the gunfire responded within moments. 
One shooting victim showed up at Mercy Medical Center for treatment, while four victims were brought to Baystate's trauma unit. 
None of their injuries were believed to be life-threatening. 
Some were shot in the torso, but most were hit in the arms or legs, Kastrinakis said. 
One victim was shot in the leg in Baystate's parking lot, but Kastrinakis said police were unsure if that incident was related to the shooting outside the nightclub. 
Several police police units were stationed near the emergency room entrance as a precaution to prevent any retribution attacks, but gunfire erupted in the parking lot despite the police presence. 
Police do not know how many shooters were involved in the downtown gunfight outside Lux. 
The incident remains under investigation. 
The Metropolitan Police Department seeks the public's assistance in identifying a vehicle of interest in reference to an Assault with a Dangerous Weapon (Gun) offense that occurred in the 2900 block of Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue, Southeast, on Tuesday, January 31, 2017. 
At approximately 10:29 pm, the victims were walking when a vehicle passed by. 
Shots were fired from the vehicle, striking four victims. 
All victims were transported to local hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. 
Detectives from the Metropolitan Police Department's Homicide Branch seek the public's assistance in identifying and locating a vehicle of interest in reference to a Homicide offense that occurred in the 2000 block of 16th Street, Southeast, on Wednesday, January 17, 2018. 
At approximately 11:08 am, the victims were standing at the listed location. 
One adult female and three adult males were struck by the gunfire. 
All of the victims were transported to local hospitals for treatment. 
The three adult male victims sustained non-life threatening injuries. 
The adult female victim succumbed to her injuries and was pronounced dead. 
The decedent has been identified as 23 year-old Jasmine Lashai Light, Southwest, DC. 
A 24-year-old man is accused of fatally shooting four of his family members then burning their bodies in northwestern Missouri. 
Grayden Denham is charged with four counts of first-degree murder in the Feb. 19 deaths of two of his grandparents, his sister and her 3-month-old son at their home near Edgerton, 30 miles north of Kansas City. 
Authorities say all four were shot in the head then set alight. 
Denham also is charged with animal abuse, armed criminal action, tampering and second-degree arson. 
He was taken into custody Feb. 21 after being found walking naked in northwestern Arizona. 
He was returned earlier this month to Missouri, where he was arrested on suspicion of stealing his grandparents” car. 
A shooting in East Oakland Wednesday evening left one young man dead and three others injured, Oakland police officials said Thursday. 
Officers responded to the 8900 block of MacArthur Boulevard at 5:31 p.m. and found four male victims suffering from gunshot wounds. 
An 18-year-old man died of his injuries. 
The three other victims who suffered non-fatal injuries are 17, 25 and 29 years old. 
The site of the shooting is just down the street from Castlemont High School. 
The department is withholding the name of the 18-year-old victim pending notification of next of kin 
A 12-year-old boy was shot and killed after being caught in gunfire that also left five teens in the hospital on Friday evening. 
Around 7:30 p.m., a group of teens were walking on a sidewalk near East 116th Street. 
According to Cleveland police, they were approached by 3-4 males who produced handguns and began firing at the teens. 
The shots got the attention of a nearby shop owner and his 12-year-old son, who both came outside to investigate. 
When more shots were fired, the two retreated back into the store, where they discovered the 12-year-old had been struck by a bullet in the torso. 
The boy was later pronounced dead at the scene. 
The father was uninjured. 
The five teens who were shot and taken to University Hospitals, where one remains confined with a gunshot wound to the head. 
There have been no arrests, but police say the suspects were wearing black or darkly-colored hoodies and are also likely juveniles. 
The Savannah Police Department's Violent Crimes Unit is investigating a shooting incident that resulted in two deaths and two injured people. 
Police responded to the 6900 block of Damascus Road, near Skidaway and Eisenhower, around 9:40 p.m., to discover multiple men suffering from gunshot wounds. 
They say 27-year-old Devonte Henneghan and 30-year-old James Fields Jr. died as a result of their injuries. 
Two others, a 28-year-old male and a 27-year-old male, were transported to an area hospital with unknown injuries. 
Detectives are actively investigating the incident and say this does not appear to be the result of a random shooting. 
Anyone with information regarding this shooting is asked to contact the Violent Crimes Tip Line at (912) 525-3124. 
Four people are hospitalized after being hit by gunfire in the Germantown section of Philadelphia. 
It happened after 10:30 p.m. Thursday in the 400 block of Penn Street. 
Police arrived at the scene to find 18 shell casings from a semi-automatic weapon. 
All four were taken to Albert Einstein Medical Center in a private vehicle. 
All were listed in stable condition. 
HOUSTON (CBSDFW.COM) — Seven people were injured at a Houston flea market Sunday night, authorities said. 
The incident happened at the Mercado Sabadomingo and that one man was detained in the shooting. 
Harris County Sheiff Ed Gonzalez said that one person was hit by a bullet, which then ricocheted and injured six others. 
The injuries were not life-threatening. 
According to Gonzalez, the man who was detained claimed the gun accidentally went off while it was in his pocket. 
Gonzalez said the person who was shot did not know the suspect. 
CHICAGO — One person was killed and three others were wounded in an Auburn Gresham shooting early Saturday, police said. 
At 1:20 a.m., the victims were sitting on a front porch in the 8300 block of South Hermitage Avenue when three people got out of a white car, walked up to the victims and fired shots, police said. 
A 26-year-old man was hit in his chest and stomach and was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead, police said. 
James McChristian, of the same block where he was shot, was pronounced dead at 2:03 a.m., according to the Cook County Medical Exmainer's Office. 
An autopsy showed he died from a gunshot wound in his torso in a homicide. 
A 25-year-old woman was hit in her stomach and was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center, where her condition was not available but she was listed as "stable," police said. 
A 23-year-old woman was hit in her leg and was in good condition and a 23-year-old man was hit in his shoulder and was in good condition. 
They were also at Advocate Christ Medical Center. 
A police source said the shooting was gang-related. 
A man was charged with seven counts of assault and armed criminal action for his alleged part in a shooting in Westport on Sunday morning. 
Kelvin Clark's bond was set for 250,000. 
Six people were shot and one remains in critical condition after the shooting. 
A number of officers were on scene around 3:30 a.m. following the Westport Art Fair, when they observed a man shoot into a crowd of people and then get into a car. 
One person was taken into custody. 
A short time later a second suspect was arrested. 
One of the victims is in critical condition, five others are listed as non-life threatening. 
A suspect was being sought Saturday in the shooting deaths of four people in Columbus, Ohio, police said. 
Officers arriving at the large, blue two-story home in the city's South Linden section found the bloodied bodies of two men and two women. 
An injured woman was found outside the house when police arrived at 7:26 a.m. Saturday. 
It wasn't immediately disclosed whether her injuries, considered non-life threatening, related to the shooting spree. 
She was rushed to Grant Medical Center. 
The Dispatch reported a neighbor told police that a person — unclear whether it was a man or woman — was seen running from the house about 5:30 a.m. 
Ten people were shot, including one fatally, during a block party Saturday night in Chesapeake, Va., police said. 
The identity of the man who died was being withheld, pending notification of next of kin. 
The shooting occurred at about 10 p.m. in Holly Cove, a neighborhood of townhouses, said Chesapeake police spokesman Leo Kosinski. 
Police have no suspect information and do not consider the incident a mass shooting at this time, he said. 
They arrived to a chaotic scene of multiple victims and people screaming, Kosinski said. 
Some victims were treated by medics on the scene and others were taken by ambulance to Sentara Norfolk General Hospital, the major trauma center in the Hampton Roads region. 
Sentara treated eight male victims of the shooting, including a man who died at 2:06 a.m., hospital spokesman Dale Gauding said. 
As the night went on, police received reports from two other hospitals that they also were treating shooting victims, bringing the total number to 10, Kosinski said. 
FORT WALTON BEACH, Fla. (WEAR) — The Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office (OCSO) is investigating a shooting near Fort Walton Beach. 
Authorities said the incident looks to be drug-related. 
Three people suffered from nonlife-threatening gunshot wounds, two of the victims are 21-year-old males and the other is a 16-year-old female. 
Authorities were called to Landview Drive around 2:26 a.m. Thursday morning in response to a shots fired call. 
The girl with the gunshot wound was found at the scene and taken to Fort Walton Beach Medical Center for treatment. 
The two other shooting victims later turned up at the medical center to be treated. 
WYANDANCH, Long Island (WABC) -- Police are investigating a quadruple shooting on Long Island Wednesday night. 
Authorities say four people were shot around 9 p.m. in Wyandanch at Merritt Avenue and 15th Street. 
One person was shot in the neck and is in critical condition. 
One man was shot in the arm and is in stable condition. 
Two men are in serious but stable condition after being shot in the legs. 
All four victims were taken to Good Samaritan Hospital. 
Cleveland Deputy Chief Edward Tomba discusses Wednesday's arrest in the November quintuple homicide on the city's East Side. 
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Cleveland police have made an arrest in the November 2014 quintuple homicide on the city's East Side. 
Police Chief Calvin Williams and Deputy Chief Edward Tomba announced Wednesday afternoon that a man was arrested without incident earlier in the day. 
Few other details were given, including the man's name, age and role in the slayings at 1443 East 92nd Street that ended with five people dead and a 9-year-old girl wounded. 
The suspect remains in custody and is expected to be charged within 48 hours, Tomba said. 
A masked gunman opened fire at the East 92nd Street home on Nov. 21, killing Lemon Bryant, 60; Shaylona Williams, 17; Ja'rio Taylor, 18; and Sherita Johnson, 41. 
Johnson, who was pregnant, was driven to the hospital where her child, Juwan, died after delivery. 
A man shot four members of his family, killing two and injuring another two, before killing himself in a Washington, D.C. suburb, police say. 
Sang Yeon Kim, 48, and Andy Kim, 10, died after they were shot in their own home in the Colesville area of Montgomery County, county police said. 
An 11-year-old girl and 22-year-old woman have serious injuries. 
The shooter was Yong Mun Kim, police said. 
He shot and killed his wife and son, and wounded his daughter and adult stepdaughter. 
Then, he killed himself. 
Officers were called to the 100 block of Amberleigh Drive just after midnight Monday for a report of multiple people shot inside a home. 
The caller was the 22-year-old woman. 
When they officers arrived, they found the five people. 
Police believe Kim planned the attack amid marital trouble. 
He left the names and phone numbers of relatives for police to call, officials said. 
Ten people were shot during two separate incidents in Manhattan Saturday night and Sunday morning. 
The majority of the bloodshed happened during a large block party near the corner of W. 116th St. near Frederick Douglass Blvd. in Harlem around 8:30 p.m. 
Police said roughly 1,000 people were participating in various barbecues when the gunman opened fire, striking five men between 19 and 24 years of age. 
Two women, 21 and 25, were also shot, cops said. 
All of the injured are expected to survive and were taken to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. 
Three more men were shot while standing in front of the Carver Houses on E. 104th St. around 2 a.m. Sunday. 
The shooter let off approximately six rounds, striking two 19-year-olds, one in the groin and one in the shoulder. 
They were both taken to St. Luke's Hospital in stable condition. 
The third man, 20, walked into Mt. Sinai Hospital with a gunshot wound to his right leg. 
ORLANDO, Fla. — Four children were shot Sunday at Willows Park near Evans High School, the Orlando Police Department said. 
Someone called 911 to report that three gunmen shot at a crowd at 3101 Willow Bend Blvd. around 6:15 p.m., police said. 
Three teenage girls were shot in the leg and were taken to a hospital. 
Police said a fourth victim with a gunshot wound went to a hospital later. 
Investigators linked the child's injuries to the shooting. 
The teens' injuries are not life-threatening, police said. 
DESOTO COUNTY, MS (WMC) - Four men were shot in DeSoto County, according to Sheriff Bill Rasco. 
The shooting happened at Vaiden Road and Craft Road in Hernando. 
Rasco said all four men were shot in the lower part of their bodies. 
Family members said the shooting started as a dispute between a woman and a former boyfriend. 
When she said no, he showed up and opened fire. 
Seven people were inside the home, and four were shot. 
According to family, all four are related--two brothers and two cousins. 
Keatron Walls, 31, was arrested in connection with the shooting. 
Walls is charged with four counts of aggravated assault and one count of shooting into an occupied dwelling. 
All four victims were taken to the hospital in Memphis. 
OAKLAND, Calif. (KGO) -- A gun battle on the streets of Oakland left eight people wounded. 
The shooting happened just after midnight on 14th Street near Broadway. 
All of the shooting victims will survive. 
Some are still in the hospital. 
Two men were arrested for the crim. 
The gunfire was coming from 14th Street. 
Police say two men exchanged gunfire, wounding six people caught in the crossfire. 
Victims from 17- to 28-years-old were rushed to the hospital. 
Two men in their 20s, also wounded, were arrested. 
Last year, musician Emiliano Nevarez was killed by a stray bullet when he left the Golden Bull Bar, also on 14th Sreet in Downtown Oakland. 
The Pittsburgh Pirates rarely hit the ball out of the infield and still found a way to get to Randy Johnson. 
Mark Reynolds hit the ball over the wall, or at least thought he did, and didn't get a home run. 
The Arizona Diamondbacks, a first-place team that isn't playing like one, didn't need much more than that to explain their 5-3 loss to the Pirates on Monday, a day when tempers were as heated as the low-90s temperatures. 
The Pirates took advantage of a rattled Johnson, a reversed home run call and several scrappy at-bats by Doug Mientkiewicz to gain a split of the four-game series. 
The left-hander limited them to six singles and struck out three in 5 2/3 innings but was hurt by three errors, one by the pitcher himself following a Mientkiewicz at-bat that visibly irritated Johnson. 
The benches and bullpens emptied briefly when Johnson left the mound and began walking toward home plate, yelling, after Mientkiewicz twice stepped out of the batter's box with a 2-1 count in the third inning. 
Mientkiewicz apparently was unhappy that Johnson's previous pitch nearly hit him. 
Johnson (4-3) went on to walk Mientkiewicz, who was 1-for-2 with two walks and scored twice. 
Johnson insisted he wasn't upset but, several hours later in the clubhouse, talked as if he was. 
Johnson then threw wildly on Jose Bautista's grounder and catcher Miguel Montero, who had a miserable day, fumbled Duke's sacrifice bunt attempt for another error that loaded the bases. 
Johnson walked Luis Rivas to force in a run as the Pirates scored without hitting a ball farther than 50 feet. 
Johnson's wildness -- he walked five, with four scoring -- hurt him again an inning later when Jason Michaels walked with one out, Mientkiewicz singled into center on a hit-and-run and Bautista hit a sacrifice fly. 
Jack Wilson walked leading off the fifth, stole second and scored on Xavier Nady's single to make it 3-1. 
Zach Duke (4-4) gave up two runs, including one Reynolds homer and nearly another, in six-plus innings. 
Relievers Damaso Marte and Tyler Yates shut down potential Arizona late-inning comebacks as the teams split the four-game series. 
Matt Capps pitched the ninth for his 15th save in as many chances. 
Reynolds homered twice Sunday in a 5-3 loss and nearly did so again Monday. 
Reynolds' drive to right field in the second appeared headed for the top of the 21-foot high wall, but a fan wearing a glove leaned several feet over the railing and caught the ball. 
First base umpire Rob Drake initially ruled it a home run but, after Russell argued, the umpires huddled briefly and reversed the call, sending Reynolds back to second with a double. 
An angry Arizona manager Bob Melvin was ejected by home plate umpire Jeff Kellogg for arguing the reversal. 
Major league umpires have gotten several similar calls wrong this season, though they appeared to get this one right, and that makes Reynolds wonder if instant replay isn't long off. 
The Diamondbacks lost their 10th in 14 games and second in a row to cut their NL West lead to 3 1/2 games against the idle Dodgers. 
Arizona tried to get back into the game when Reynolds and Chris Young doubled off Duke to start the seventh, but Marte struck out Chris Burke with two on. 
Tyler Yates struck out Montero to leave the bases loaded in the eighth following Stephen Drew's leadoff homer, off Marte. 
Gavin Floyd could be developing into a top-notch starter. 
Floyd took a shutout into the seventh inning, and Carlos Quentin and Jim Thome hit back-to-back homers as the Chicago White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 12-2 on Sunday. 
Floyd (2-1) allowed two runs, coming on Ben Zobrist's homer in the seventh, and six hits in seven innings. 
Quentin hit his seventh homer of the season -- a two-run shot -- and Thome followed with his 544th career home run in the eighth inning off Dan Wheeler. 
A.J. Pierzynski hit his 99th career homer, helping Chicago take three of four from Tampa Bay. 
The White Sox also won consecutive games on artificial turf for the first time since Sept. 21-22, 2007 at Minnesota. 
Matt Garza (1-1) gave up seven runs and six hits over 5 2/3 innings for the Rays, who went 2-5 in their first homestand of the season. 
The defending AL champions had a major league-best 57-24 home record last season. 
Tampa Bay now goes on a nine-game, three-city road trip after a week filled with daily promotions celebrating its 2008 playoff run. 
Pierzynski put the White Sox up 2-0 with a two-run homer in the second. 
Thome made it 3-0 one inning later on an RBI grounder. 
Paul Konerko hit a sacrifice fly and Chris Getz drove in two with a single during a four-run sixth that extended the White Sox lead to 7-0. 
Konerko and Wilson Betemit had seventh-inning RBI singles. 
Konerko has nine RBIs over this last six games, including five in the past two games. 
Quentin has homered in three straight games for the first time in his career. 
Thome, with his solo shot, is now four homers away from tying Mike Schmidt (548) for 13th place all-time. 
Tampa Bay center fielder B.J. Upton left after the second due to right quadriceps tightness. 
Upton, who had a team-best seven homers and 16 RBIs during the 2008 postseason, missed the first six games of the season while recovering from offseason left shoulder surgery. 
Sean West is making the most of his second trip to the majors this season. 
John Baker and Cody Ross each drove in two runs, leading West and the Florida Marlins over the San Diego Padres 6-4 Sunday and ending their three-game losing streak. 
West (6-5) won for the fourth time in his last five outings at home. 
He gave up one earned run in six innings. 
This was the third win in five outings for West since being recalled from Double-A Jacksonville on Aug. 8. 
He went 3-4 in 10 outings during his first stint with the Marlins from May 23 - July 11. 
Chris Coghlan's leadoff single started a five-run burst in the fourth inning that made it 5-3. 
Coghlan has 46 hits in August, the most in any month by a National League rookie since Wally Moon had 52 for the St. Louis Cardinals in July 1954. 
West gave up seven hits and struck out seven, tying his career-high of seven strikeouts last achieved against the New York Yankees on June 19. 
Leo Nunez pitched a scoreless ninth for his 17th save in 21 opportunities. 
The Padres took a 3-0 lead in the fourth, helped by West's error. 
Oscar Salazar led off with a single, Kevin Kouzmanoff hit an RBI double and Chase Headley walked. 
Will Venable bunted and West threw wildly to first, allowing Kouzmanoff to score. 
After West struck out the next two batters, Headley scored from third on a passed ball by Baker. 
The Marlins bounced back in their half to take the lead. 
After retiring the first nine batters, Mat Latos (4-4) gave up consecutive singles to Coghlan and Ross Gload to open the inning. 
With one out, Latos walked Jorge Cantu to load the bases. 
Baker had a two-run single and Ross added a two-run double. 
Latos remains winless in his last four starts. 
The Marlins avoided getting swept by the Padres for the first time since May 13-15, 2005. 
San Diego closed to 5-4 in the eighth when Headley singled, Adrian Gonzalez had a pinch-hit single and Tony Gwynn Jr. had an RBI grounder. 
Coghlan drew a bases-loaded walk in the eighth from Greg Burke. 
The seesaw marathon lasted nearly four hours, and afterward it took awhile for Aaron Rowand to peel off his sweat-soaked uniform. 
Rowand kept the game going with a tying two-out solo homer in the ninth inning, and Aubrey Huff hit a two-run single to break the tie in the 12th, helping the San Francisco Giants beat the Florida Marlins 9-6 Tuesday night. 
Dan Uggla's three-run homer with two out in the eighth off Sergio Romo gave the Marlins a 6-5 lead. 
They were one out from victory when Rowand homered on a 1-0 hanging slider from closer Leo Nunez. 
Unbeaten Giants ace Tim Lincecum had 13 strikeouts in seven innings and left with a 5-3 lead, but he was denied his fifth win of the season when Florida rallied. 
Lincecum was up 3-0 before Hanley Ramirez hit a three-run homer in the sixth. 
Lincecum's ERA soared to 1.70, but aside from the homer he was in top form, allowing only five hits and one walk. 
Dan Runzler (1-0) struck out the side in the 11th, and Guillermo Mota pitched a perfect 12th for his first save. 
Six San Francisco pitchers combined for 20 strikeouts. 
Andres Torres singled with one out in the 12th off Burke Badenhop (0-3), then took third on a double by Pablo Sandoval. 
After Bengie Molina was intentionally walked, Huff singled. 
He threw inside after loading the bases. 
Nate Schierholtz earned a tough RBI when he was hit by a pitch from Hunter Jones in the side of the helmet. 
Schierholtz remained on his feet and stayed in the game. 
Ramirez, last year's NL batting champion, had three hits to hike his average to .327. 
Rowand had three RBIs and three of the Giants' 15 hits, and he made a leaping catch in center field. 
In the early going, Lincecum was on pace to break the Giants' 106-year-old team record of 16 strikeouts set by Hall of Famer Christy Mathewson. 
By the fifth inning, Lincecum had 12 Ks and had struck out every position player, making the Marlins look silly at times. 
Cody Ross fell down when he swung at a 3-2 pitch and missed. 
Pinch hitter Mike Lamb singled to start the sixth, and Cameron Maybin beat out a swinging bunt. 
Rowand robbed Chris Coghlan of a hit, but Ramirez hit the next pitch for a homer. 
It was his fourth homer in a span of nine at-bats, and his sixth this season. 
With Florida trailing 5-3 in the eighth, Coghlan walked with one out and Ramirez singled. 
Jorge Cantu struck out for the fourth time, but Uggla hit his sixth homer on the next pitch. 
The Giants' bullpen has failed to protect a lead for Lincecum in his past two starts. 
Florida starter Anibal Sanchez allowed three runs, two earned, in six innings. 
Nunez blew a save for the second time in six chances. 
The Giants went 6 for 14 with runners in scoring position. 
Juan Uribe hit a two-out, two-run double in the eighth to put them ahead 5-3. 
The Royals offense got going early and helped Zack Greinke win for the first time in a month. 
Wilson Betemit homered and drove in four runs to help Kansas City beat the Oakland Athletics 11-3 on Tuesday night. 
Kansas City scored all its runs with two outs and in the first three innings. 
That's the most runs the Royals have scored in a game since beating Houston 15-7 on June 15. 
Kila Ka'aihue also homered and drove in three runs while Mike Aviles hit a three-run shot. 
He had three hits and scored three runs and has homered in back-to-back games after going 316 at-bats without a home run. 
Betemit, who had three hits, delivered run-producing singles in the first and second and hit a two-run homer in the third. 
Ka'aihue homered in the first with Betemit aboard. 
His single in the second scored Billy Butler. 
Greinke (9-12), the 2009 American League Cy Young Award winner, claimed his first victory since Aug. 17. 
He pitched out of a bases loaded jam in the first by getting Mark Ellis to ground into an inning ending double play. 
Greinke gave up three runs on six hits and four walks in seven innings. 
Gio Gonzalez (14-9), who had a 1.75 ERA in winning his previous five starts, faced 16 batters, 10 reached base on seven hits and three walks and seven scored before he was replaced by Boof Bonser in the third. 
Bonser gave up two home runs in the inning. 
The A's scored all their runs in the sixth with Landon Powell and Jack Cust singling in runs. 
The other run scored on an Aki Iwamura ground out. 
The Tampa Bay Rays are in a bit of a funk heading into a key series in New York. 
Peter Bourjos hit a tiebreaking three-run homer, Scott Kazmir won for the first time in six weeks and the Los Angeles Angels beat Tampa Bay 6-3 on Sunday. 
Kelly Shoppach homered for the Rays, who trail the AL East-leading Yankees by a half-game. 
Baseball's top two teams open a four-game series at Yankee Stadium on Monday night. 
Bourjos connected on a full-count pitch from Jeff Niemann (10-7) with two out in the fourth, giving Los Angeles a 4-1 lead. 
Both baserunners -- Howie Kendrick and Hank Conger -- reached on walks. 
Kazmir (9-14) picked up his first win since Aug. 7, allowing one run and six hits over five innings. 
He was 1-9 in his previous 12 starts. 
Kazmir worked out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam in the first by striking out Rocco Baldelli and Sean Rodriguez. 
The left-hander also walked two during the 38-pitch inning. 
Bobby Abreu added a pair of solo homers for the Angels, who took two of three from Tampa Bay. 
It was the Rays' first series loss at home since losing two of three to Arizona from June 25-27. 
Abreu went deep in the first and seventh, giving him 20 homers on the year and helping the Angels build a 6-1 lead. 
Hideki Matsui doubled in a run in the fifth. 
Abreu now has nine 20-homer, 20-steal seasons, third most in major league history. 
Barry Bonds and Bobby Bonds both accomplished the feat 10 times. 
Jordan Walden got the final out for his first major league save. 
Niemann lasted just 4 1/3 innings, giving up five runs and six hits. 
The right-hander is 0-4 with a 14.43 ERA in five starts since returning from a strained right shoulder on Aug. 25. 
Tampa Bay tied it at 1 when Shoppach homered in the second. 
Dan Johnson drove in a run with an eighth-inning grounder and Ben Zobrist added an RBI single in the ninth. 
Kazmir made his first appearance at Tropicana Field since being traded to Los Angeles by the Rays on Aug. 28, 2009. 
He has lost two starts against Tampa Bay at Angel Stadium. 
Max Scherzer has a lot to be happy about so far this season -- beyond his snazzy 7-0 record. 
Scherzer pitched six solid innings to remain undefeated this year, and Avisail Garcia broke the game open with a bases-loaded triple, leading the Detroit Tigers over the Minnesota Twins 6-1 on Sunday. 
Scherzer, who retired his last 22 batters in a win at Cleveland on Tuesday, allowed a run and three hits Sunday. 
Scherzer struck out six and walked three. 
Torii Hunter homered for the Tigers, and Prince Fielder drove in a run with a fourth-inning double. 
Garcia, pinch-hitting in the sixth, cleared the bases to make it 6-1. 
Mike Pelfrey (3-5) allowed five runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings. 
He walked three and struck out five. 
Minnesota has lost 11 of 12. 
Scherzer set down the Twins in order in the first, extending his streak of batters retired to 25 before Minnesota drew back-to-back walks to start the second. 
He is the first Detroit pitcher to start the year 7-0 since Jeremy Bonderman was 8-0 in 2007. 
Scherzer lowered his ERA to 3.42 . 
Hunter opened the scoring in the first with an opposite-field solo homer, and in the fourth, Miguel Cabrera walked and scored on Fielder's double. 
Each of the last six times Cabrera has walked, Fielder has followed with a hit. 
Cabrera extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a one-out single in the sixth, and Avila later drove him home with a bloop single that fell between three fielders in short left-center. 
That hit chased Pelfrey, and after Casey Fien walked Omar Infante to load the bases, the Twins brought in left-hander Caleb Thielbar. 
Detroit countered with Garcia, who hits right-handed, and he sent a drive to left-center to bring home three more runs. 
Garcia is in the majors because of an injury to center fielder Austin Jackson, and he's done fine in a part-time role. 
Drew Smyly pitched 2 1/3 hitless innings of relief for the Tigers to finish the game. 
Minnesota's only run came in the fifth on an RBI single by Jamey Carroll. 
WASHINGTON -- Lance Lynn was sharper than he had been all season, which made it all the more frustrating for him when he failed to make it out of the sixth inning. 
Bryce Harper didn't get past the sixth inning either, but for a completely different reason. 
Lynn won his fourth straight start and delivered an RBI double after yet another error by Washington, and the St. Louis Cardinals scored three unearned runs to beat Jordan Zimmermann and the Nationals 4-3 Saturday. 
Lynn (4-0) gave up one run and five hits over 5 2/3 innings in becoming the NL's first four-game winner. 
After the right-hander lost his control in the sixth, Kevin Siegrist retired Danny Espinosa on a two-out fly ball with the bases loaded. 
Harper, meanwhile, was pulled after Nationals first-year manager Matt Williams questioned the manner in which the young outfielder ran out a comebacker leading off the sixth. 
Now in his third season, the 21-year-old Harper is one of Washington's brightest stars. 
The two-time All-Star once ran into a wall in the relentless pursuit of a fly ball, but on this day Harper was left explaining an act of nonchalance. 
Tony Cruz drove in two runs for the Cardinals, who have won nine of the last 10 games between the teams. 
St. Louis took control with a three-run second inning fueled by third baseman Anthony Rendon's throwing error, capped by Lynn's first career extra-base hit. 
The Nationals, under former Gold Glove third baseman Williams, are averaging more than an error per game and lead the majors in miscues. 
Trevor Rosenthal worked the ninth for his fifth save, but not without difficulty. 
Washington put runners on second and third with one out, and Kevin Frandsen drove in a run with a groundout before Rosenthal struck out Jayson Werth on three pitches. 
Frandsen was batting in Harper's spot in the lineup. 
Said Harper: "Man, that's tough to watch, not being able to be up there in that situation. It's something that I thrive on and I want to be in. You know, it's in the past and there's nothing we can do about it now." 
Williams said Harper would start Sunday in the series finale. 
Espinosa homered for the Nationals, but he was the only player to get past first base against Lynn until the sixth. 
Zimmermann (1-1) allowed four runs, only one of them earned, in seven innings. 
He struck out six and walked two after coming in with a 0-3 with an 8.27 ERA in six career games against the Cardinals. 
Zimmermann took the loss but probably deserved a better fate. 
The right-hander has beaten every NL team except St. Louis and Pittsburgh (one start). 
St. Louis bolted in front for good in the second inning. 
After Rendon threw wide on a potential force play at second, Cruz sliced a two-out, two-run single to right field and scored on a double by Lynn. 
It was the pitcher's first extra-base hit in 115 career at-bats and his fourth RBI. 
"I was trying to hold it to a single," Lynn joked. "I don't like to run." 
The tainted inning extended a series trend that began Thursday night, when the Nationals made three errors, and continued Friday when Washington scored two unearned runs in a 3-1 win. 
Espinosa led off the fifth with his first home run since last May 5. 
In the Washington sixth, Werth singled and Adam LaRoche walked before Rendon looked at a third strike after getting ahead in the count 3-0. 
Lynn then walked Ian Desmond on four pitches before Siegrist retired Espinosa. 
Matt Holliday delivered a two-out RBI single for St. Louis in the seventh, and successive doubles by LaRoche and Rendon got Washington to 4-2 in the eighth. 
--  Danny Duffy's fastball was too much for the Toronto Blue Jays' power hitters. 
Duffy pitched six sharp innings to pick up his first victory in more than two months as the Kansas City Royals beat the Jays 3-0 Friday night. 
Duffy (3-4) shut down a Blue Jays offense which leads the majors with 470 runs. 
He gave up four singles while walking three and hitting a batter to earn his first victory since beating Detroit on April 30. 
The Royals have won six straight to improve to an American League-best 51-34. 
Eric Hosmer went 4 for 4, his first four-hit game of the season and his eighth career game with at least four hits. 
Salvador Perez, Alex Rios and Alcides Escobar each had two hits and an RBI. 
Blue Jays right-hander Marco Estrada (6-5), who did not allow a hit until the eighth inning in two late June starts, gave up a season-high nine hits. 
The Blue Jays, 3-7 in July, dropped below .500 for the first time since June 8. 
Rios' double in the second scored Salvador Perez with the first run. 
Escobar's two-out fourth inning single brought home Rios to make it 2-0. 
Perez homered, his 15th, in the eighth off reliever Ryan Tepera. 
Duffy was in trouble only in the fourth when he walked Danny Valencia and Russell Martin singled to begin the inning, but Duffy retired the next three batters. 
After Duffy exited, Royals relievers Kelvin Herrera, Wade Davis and Greg Holland completed the shutout. 
Holland struck out the side in the ninth for his 18th save in 20 opportunities. 
-- Aaron Brooks was far more pleased with the ovation he received in his Oakland debut than how he was received in his first career start with Kansas City more than 14 months ago. 
Back then, Brooks was cheered by the Toronto crowd when he got knocked out of the game in the first inning after giving up seven runs to the Blue Jays. 
This time, the 25-year-old drew a standing ovation from the Athletics crowd after earning his first win the majors. 
Marcus Semien homered to back Brooks and the A's beat the Cleveland Indians 5-1 on Saturday night to snap a three-game losing streak. 
Pitching in front of a crowd of 19,046 that included his parents and grandparents, Brooks (1-0) was stellar while allowing one run and five hits over seven-plus innings. 
The right-hander, who joined Oakland as part of the June 28 trade that sent Ben Zobrist to Kansas City, struck out five and didn't walk a batter in his first start since May 31, 2014. 
That was all A's manager Bob Melvin needed to see. 
After the game, Melvin announced that Brooks will remain in Oakland's starting rotation. 
Billy Butler and Sam Fuld had two hits apiece as the A's won for just the fifth time since the All-Star break. 
Semien's home run off Cleveland starter Cody Anderson (2-3) in the seventh was his ninth of the season. 
Lonnie Chisenhall homered off Brooks in the fifth for the Indians' lone run. 
The A's had just three hits in the previous two games and didn't get much more against Anderson and three relievers. 
They didn't need it on a night when Brooks pitched the best game of his brief career. 
Brooks retired 17 of the first 19 batters and only allowed two runners past first base. 
He left to a standing ovation in the seventh after getting Mike Aviles to fly out with a runner on first. 
Drew Pomeranz retired two batters and Edward Mujica pitched the ninth to complete the five-hitter. 
Cleveland had won three straight but struggled offensively. 
The Indians also hurt themselves defensively when the A's scored twice in the fifth on a throwing error by Cleveland first baseman Carlos Santana. 
Anderson gave up four runs in 6 2/3 innings. 
He's allowed 14 earned runs over his last three starts after giving up only three in his first four outings. 
--  Chris Davis learned several years ago not to get caught up analyzing his swing when things are going bad. 
The Orioles slugger certainly isn't going fool with it during his best streak of the season, either. 
Davis hit his second grand slam in 12 days with one out in the top of the 10th inning and Baltimore beat the Oakland Athletics 7-3 on Wednesday. 
Davis hit his 28th home run and third in four games on a 3-2 pitch from Arnold Leon (0-1). 
It came two batters after Gerardo Parra was intentionally walked to load the bases. 
Caleb Joseph and Manny Machado led off the inning with back-to-back singles. 
It's the sixth grand slam of Davis' career. 
He also hit one against Tampa Bay on July 25. 
Over his past 15 games, the Baltimore first baseman is hitting .309 (17 for 55) with nine home runs and 26 RBI while pushing the Orioles within one game of the second wildcard spot. 
The Orioles trailed 3-1 before scoring twice in the sixth. 
Closer Zach Britton (2-0) pitched a season-high 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win. 
Marcus Semien had two hits and two RBI for the A's. 
Nolan Reimold snapped an 0-for-9 skid with an RBI single off Oakland starter Kendall Graveman in the third. 
The A's tied it on Brett Lawrie's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning. 
Semien, whose three-run homer sparked a 5-0 win on Tuesday, put the A's up 3-1 with a two-run double off Wei-Yen Chen in the fourth. 
Chen allowed three runs and four hits over five innings. 
He walked four and struck out four. 
Jimmy Paredes hit an RBI single in the sixth to pull Baltimore within 3-2, two batters after center fielder Billy Burns made a leaping catch to rob Adam Jones of a home run. 
J.J Hardy followed with a single to drive in Davis with the tying run and chase Graveman. 
Graveman struck out three and walked one in 5 2/3 innings. 
ATLANTA --  Brandon Phillips is swinging a big bat at home in his first season with the Atlanta Braves. 
Phillips drove in the winning run in the bottom of the 10th inning, Matt Adams had four RBI and the Atlanta Braves rallied from a four-run deficit to beat the Miami Marlins 8-7 on Saturday. 
Johan Camargo led off the 10th with a single, advanced on a sacrifice and scored when Phillips singled up the middle off A.J. Ramos (1-3). 
Nick Markakis' RBI double in the ninth sent the game into extra innings. 
Arodys Vizcaino (3-2), the seventh Atlanta pitcher, faced four batters in the 10th to get the win. 
The Braves had lost five of seven overall and eight of 11 at home, but they overcame an uncustomary rocky start by pitcher Jaime Garcia to cool off the Marlins. 
Adams hit his 10th homer in the first and had RBI doubles to make it 3-0 in the third and 7-6 in the seventh. 
Phillips' last game-ending RBI was four years ago for Cincinnati. 
He has seven in his career. 
Phillips has returned to his hometown with a flourish. 
The longtime resident of Stone Mountain doubled to begin the ninth and scored on Markakis' double. 
He's hitting .325 with 11 RBI in 117 at-bats at SunTrust Park. 
Tyler Moore homered and Christian Yelich doubled in a five-run fifth inning for Miami, which had won three straight and 13 of 18 behind a surging offense. 
Ramos gave up four hits and two runs in 1 1/3 innings to blow his first save since last Aug. 29. 
He had converted 17 straight chances. 
Jaime Garcia retired eight of the first nine batters he faced and was staked to a 3-0 lead before he unraveled in the fifth. 
Moore tagged him for a two-run homer. 
A balk and a passed ball advanced a runner. 
Suzuki tied it with a single, and Yelich, who has five RBI in the last two games, added a two-run double. 
Garcia had a 1.49 ERA in his previous five starts, but he gave up seven hits, two walks and a season high six runs to go with seven strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings. 
Marlins starter Jeff Locke gave up three runs, five hits, one walk and struck out five in four innings. 
The Braves began the day having scored just nine runs in its previous six home games and kept the trend alive with Danny Santana, Ender Inciarte and Dansby Swanson combining to strand four runners at third with two out. 
CINCINNATI --  Jake Arrieta was shutting `em down and the Cubs' offense was piling up the hits. 
The defending World Series champions felt a little more like their old selves for one game. 
Arrieta pitched one-hit ball for seven innings without allowing a stolen base on Sunday, and Ian Happ homered twice in the ballpark where he played as a college star, leading Chicago to a 6-2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds. 
The Cubs (41-41) salvaged the final game of their series with a little vintage form. 
Arrieta (8-6) was coming off a subpar performance that created friction and a surprise move. 
The Nationals stole seven bases off Arrieta during their 6-1 win on Tuesday, and catcher Miguel Montero complained afterward about the pitcher's move to the plate with runners on base. 
Montero was cut loose the following day. 
Back in the ballpark where he threw a no-hitter last season, Arrieta was back in form, allowing only Joey Votto's first-inning single and a pair of walks -- the Reds were never in position to try to steal. 
Votto singled home a pair of runs in the eighth off Koji Uehara. 
Arrieta matched his season high by going seven innings for the third time. 
The Reds felt that way, too. 
Happ grew up in the Pittsburgh area and played at the University of Cincinnati, including one game at Great American Ball Park. 
Happ was well aware of the tendency for balls to fly in warm weather at Great American. 
The first-round pick from 2015 hit a two-run homer and a solo shot off Tim Adleman (5-5). 
The rookie added an RBI single, the third time he's driven in four runs in a game. 
Anthony Rizzo also had a solo homer, and Javier Baez doubled home a run as the Cubs prevented a three-game sweep. 
ARLINGTON, Texas -- Houston manager A.J. Hinch thought it was clear that Texas closer Keone Kela balked with the go-ahead run at third base in the ninth inning. 
Rangers counterpart Jeff Banister says he had never seen a balk ruling after umpires didn't make the call immediately when a pitch was thrown. 
Either way, the Astros have the first four-game sweep of their Texas rivals. 
George Springer scored the tiebreaking run on Kela's balk after homering on the first pitch of the game, and the Astros beat the Rangers 8-7 Sunday despite blowing a six-run cushion early and a one-run lead late. 
Kela had already thrown the pitch to Evan Gattis with two outs when Hinch came out of the dugout. 
Crew chief Sam Holbrook said the umpires stopped Hinch before he could argue to discuss whether Kela had declared that he would pitch out of the windup with runners at second and third. 
Once the umpires agreed Kela hadn't made such a declaration, they awarded Springer home. 
Replay showed Kela (3-3) not pausing in his delivery, and Banister was ejected by Holbrook while arguing the decision. 
Springer walked to lead off the ninth, went to second on a wild pitch and took third on a flyout by Yuli Gurriel after an intentional walk to Jose Altuve. 
As for the confusion after the pitch to Gattis, Hinch didn't think there was much of an argument. 
Kela didn't have much of an argument himself. 
The World Series champion Astros won their fifth straight and moved a season-high 17 games over .500 (42-25) despite Dallas Keuchel failing to hold a 6-0 lead. 
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner couldn't get through five innings, matching a career worst by giving up 13 hits while throwing 106 pitches in just 4 1/3 innings. 
Gurriel's fourth hit was a tiebreaking homer in the seventh, but the Rangers got even again when Nomar Mazara doubled and Adrian Beltre singled him home with two outs in the eighth against Will Harris (2-3). 
Hector Rondon struck out the side in the ninth for his third save of the season and second in as many games. 
Texas dropped a season-high 14 games under .500 (27-41) despite a season-best 16 hits. 
Ronald Guzman's RBI single for a 6-6 tie finished off Keuchel in the fifth, and the Astros stayed even when lefty Tony Sipp came on thanks to Gurriel's leaping grab of a liner from Shin-Soo Choo that turned into an unassisted double play at first base. 
Choo, who reached base in a majors-leading 26th straight game, and Carlos Perez had two-run singles for the Rangers. 
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) -- If Jose Guillen's profanity-filled tirade was meant to light a fire under the lethargic Kansas City Royals, Kevin Slowey did a good job of dousing the flames. 
The Minnesota right-hander threw his first major league complete game and Carlos Gomez had four hits and two RBIs, leading the Twins to a 5-1 victory Thursday night that stretched KC's losing streak to 11 straight. 
It's the longest skid in the majors this year and Kansas City's worst since a 13-game skid May 12-25, 2006. 
The Royals' 21-33 record is the worst in the American League except for Seattle's 20-34. 
Guillen went on his tirade after Wednesday night's loss, calling the Royals "babies" who didn't know how to win. 
He had one of the Royals' four singles off Slowey (2-4), who did not allow a runner as far as second base until DeJesus and Gordon doubled. 
The right-hander struck out six and walked none. 
Until Gordon's RBI double in the ninth, he had pitched 14 straight scoreless innings for the Twins, who completed a 5-1 trip to Detroit and Kansas City. 
The poster boy for the Royals' futility streak could be Luke Hochevar, who has started three of the 11 games and has seen his team score only one run for him. 
The rookie right-hander started the first game of the streak when Boston's Jon Lester no-hit KC in a 7-0 win. 
Next he lost 6-0 to Jesse Litsch's complete-game seven-hitter in Toronto. 
Against the Twins, Hochevar (3-5) went 5 1/3 innings, giving up nine hits and five runs, with three walks and three strikeouts. 
Michael Cuddyer's RBI single scored Joe Mauer with Minnesota's first run in the fourth, then the Twins loaded the bases with two out. 
But DeJesus, playing left field, made a terrific running catch of Mike Lamb's foul pop for the third out. 
Gomez, the Twins' leadoff hitter, doubled in the fifth and made it 2-0 on Mauer's double. 
After Jason Kubel and Craig Monroe singled leading off the sixth, Lamb laid down what looked like a sacrifice bunt. 
But after Hochevar fielded the ball, he paused too long looking at third and failed to get the ball to first in time to retire Lamb. 
So the bunt went as a base hit and the bases were loaded with no out. 
After Brendan Harris' sacrifice fly made it 3-0, Hochevar was relieved by Ron Mahay, who gave up a two-run single to Gomez. 
It was the second consecutive strong start by Slowey, who stopped a personal five-game losing streak in his previous start at Detroit. 
Slowey kept the Royals at bay by consistently going 0-1 and 1-2 on hitters. 
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- The St. Louis Cardinals rediscovered their offense, and a worked-over Pittsburgh Pirates pitching staff will have trouble forgetting this weekend. 
Aaron Miles drove in five runs with a home run and a triple and the Cardinals held off a Pittsburgh comeback this time, beating the Pirates 11-6 Sunday. 
Miles got three hits and is batting .335 (64-for-191) in 46 games as a starter. 
His three-run homer off Ian Snell in the fourth inning -- only his second of the season -- came on an inside pitch that was nearly shoulder-high and put St. Louis up 4-1. 
After Pittsburgh rallied for the second day in a row and took a 6-5 lead on Chris Gomez's two-run double in the sixth, Miles finished St. Louis' four-run, go-ahead seventh with a two-run triple. 
Ryan Ludwick added his 21st homer, a solo shot in the eighth that was his third in as many games. 
Troy Glaus completed a 10-for-13 weekend with a home run, one of the Cardinals' 15 hits. 
Franquelis Osoria (3-3), brought in to protect the Pirates' one-run lead in the seventh, allowed five of the six batters he faced to reach base. 
Osoria hit Albert Pujols with a pitch after Ludwick singled. 
Glaus doubled in a run and Chris Duncan had an RBI single that put St. Louis up 7-6. 
From the Pirates' pitching perspective, it was terrible. 
The Cardinals scored 28 runs and had 50 hits while winning two of three in the series -- after being held to two runs or fewer in six of their previous seven. 
They could have swept their final series before the All-Star break, but couldn't hold leads of 9-3 and 10-4 while losing 12-11 in 10 innings Saturday night despite getting a season-high 22 hits. 
The Cardinals bullpen didn't let that happen again, even after starter Joel Pineiro -- previously 4-0 against the Pirates -- gave up 10 hits and six runs in 5 2/3 innings. 
Jason Bay had a tying two-run single in the fifth, giving him seven RBIs in two games, but Russ Springer (2-0), Kyle McClellan and Ryan Franklin combined for 3 1/3 scoreless innings. 
Springer retired the only batter he faced for the victory, and McClellan pitched two shutout innings. 
The night before, Cardinals relievers gave up eight runs over the final four innings. 
St. Louis is 53-43 at the break, the NL's second-best record. 
The Cardinals trail Chicago by 4 1/2 games in the NL Central. 
The Pirates, six games under at the break, unexpectedly have one of the NL's best offenses, but the pitching staff has been much worse than expected with a 5.13 ERA -- more than a run per game higher than St. Louis' 4.08. 
Pittsburgh's bullpen gave up 12 runs in the series. 
Snell had another rough outing against the Cardinals, giving up five hits and four runs in five innings in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a sore elbow. 
He has a 9.00 ERA in four starts against them this season. 
ARLINGTON, Texas -- Carlos Silva is getting plenty of help from Cubs hitters to make quite a starting impression in Chicago. 
Given a four-run lead before even throwing a pitch, Silva worked into the sixth inning of Chicago's 5-4 interleague series-clinching victory over the Texas Rangers on Sunday. 
Silva became the first Cubs starter in 43 years to have a perfect record after six decisions -- and the first to begin his Cubs career that way since Hall of Fame pitcher Dizzy Dean in 1938. 
Alfonso Soriano's two-run homer capped a four-run first that put Silva and the Cubs ahead to stay before the big right-hander took the mound on a hot, sunny day in Texas. 
Silva, who came to the Cubs in the offseason trade that sent Milton Bradley to Seattle, was done after 5 1/3 innings and 81 pitches. 
He allowed three runs and six hits before being relieved after Vladimir Guerrero's comebacker for an out to start the sixth. 
Carlos Marmol, the fourth Cubs reliever, earned his ninth save in 11 chances. 
The right-hander struck out three, including Michael Young and then Guerrero for the final out with a runner at second to get his second save in a row after Texas won the series opener 2-1. 
The last 6-0 Cubs starter was Ken Holtzman in 1967, when he finished 9-0 in 12 starts. 
C.J. Wilson (3-2) allowed five runs over 5 2/3 innings and lost for the first time in seven starts. 
Xavier Nady scored what proved to be the decisive run for the Cubs with a gutsy headfirst slide in the sixth. 
He made it 5-3 when he lunged and reached his left arm between the legs of catcher Matt Treanor to slap the plate just before getting tagged by right fielder Nelson Cruz's strong throw after Koyie Hill's single. 
Treanor couldn't recall a runner ever coming into him like that. 
Rangers manager Ron Washington came out to discuss the call with home plate umpire Jerry Meals. 
The manager then went to the mound and pulled Wilson, who struck out five and walked three. 
Bob Howry, re-signed by the Cubs on Friday after being released by Arizona with a 10.67 ERA in 14 appearances, allowed an RBI double to Young after coming on with two runners on in the seventh. 
Left-hander Sean Marshall got Josh Hamilton on an inning-ending liner with the bases loaded. 
After Elvis Andrus had a leadoff single in the third, Young hit his fifth homer on the next pitch. 
Cruz led off the fourth with the only walk from Silva, then scored on Julio Borbon's two-out single. 
Chicago opened the game with three consecutive singles. 
Starlin Castro, the 20-year-old rookie shortstop, beat out a bunt for an infield single before Derrek Lee's RBI bloop single made it 1-0. 
Marlon Byrd then drove in a run with a groundout before Soriano hit his ninth homer of the season, his second two-run shot in two games. 
MIAMI --  In a matchup of aces, Roy Halladay's walk to Josh Johnson proved pivotal. 
Johnson later scored the Florida Marlins' first run, and they squeezed out another in the eighth inning to beat Halladay and the Philadelphia Phillies 2-1 on Tuesday night. 
Johnson didn't get the win. 
But he kept his team in the game against the reigning NL Cy Young Award winner, pitching seven innings and allowing only one run -- on Ryan Howard's eighth homer leading off the second. 
He pitched out of bases-loaded jams in both the second and third. 
Coghlan's single in the eighth drove home the tiebreaking run, which was unearned following an error by shortstop Jimmy Rollins. 
Halladay (5-2) gave up only five hits in eight innings, but fell to 1-3 in his four matchups against Johnson. 
The loss ended Halladay's streak of wins in 13 consecutive starts against NL East teams since July 5, 2010. 
He was pitching in Miami for the first time since last May 29, when he threw his perfect game. 
Johnson was the losing pitcher that night. 
When Halladay walked Johnson on a 3-2 pitch to start the third, it led to the tying run. 
The walk was only the eighth issued by Halladay all season. 
Johnson sprinted to third on a double by Coghlan and scored on Emilio Bonifacio's sacrifice fly. 
The Phillies lost for only the fourth time in their past 22 games in Miami. 
Florida closed to within two games of the NL East leaders with the final game of the three-game series Wednesday. 
The Marlins, whose 21-14 start matches the best in franchise history, came from behind to win for the 12th time, second-most in the majors. 
Mistakes and squandered chances hurt the Phils, who stranded 10 runners and went 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position. 
Rollins bobbled a grounder by Omar Infante for an error to start the bottom of the eighth. 
That ended a streak of 13 consecutive batters retired by Halladay. 
When Halladay threw his first wild pitch of the season, Infante took second. 
He advanced to third on a groundout and came home on Coghlan's hit. 
Leo Nunez retired Shane Victorino on a grounder with a runner at second to end the game and earn his 12th save in as many chances. 
Mike Dunn (3-2) pitched a perfect eighth for the win. 
Philadelphia had seven baserunners in the first three innings, but only one scored. 
With the Marlins aligned in a shift, Howard went the other way on a 3-1 fastball and homered to left. 
The Phils went on to load the bases that inning, before Johnson struck out Dane Sardinha and Halladay and retired Rollins on a groundout. 
MINNEAPOLIS --  Matt Capps came to the mound for Minnesota with the familiar soundtrack of Metallica music and a round of boos. 
Nobody at Target Field was cheering louder at the end than his teammates. 
Justin Morneau's tying double in the eighth inning set up Capps for another dramatic save in the ninth, and the Twins rallied past Oakland for a 5-4 victory on Monday, a season-high sixth straight loss for the Athletics. 
Capps bounced back from his first blown attempt of the season the day before -- on a two-run homer by Detroit's Miguel Cabrera -- by striking out Jonny Gomes with the bases loaded to notch his 10th save and help the Twins stop their own five-game losing streak. 
Collin Cowgill reached on a fielding error by second baseman Alexi Casilla, who let a slow roller slide right under his glove to make the inning more challenging for Capps. 
Jemile Weeks walked with one out. 
The runners moved up on a line drive by Coco Crisp that Capps dropped but picked up and threw over for the second out. 
Josh Reddick, who homered and tripled earlier, was intentionally walked to load the bases. 
But Capps blew a 94-mph fastball by Gomes to end that at-bat on three pitches. 
Alex Burnett (2-0) gave up an RBI single to Kurt Suzuki in the eighth that put the A's in front 4-3 after Jeff Gray walked back-to-back batters with one out, but Kila Ka'aihue grounded into a double play, the fourth of the game for the A's. 
Then the Twins rallied with rare success against Cook, who entered the game without a run and just four hits allowed in 23 innings this year. 
Joe Mauer hustled for an infield single and stole second base to spark the rally. 
Josh Willingham followed with a walk and scored on Doumit's deep-enough fly. 
Said Twins manager Ron Gardenhire: "Everybody should have stats, and he had none." 
Cook was naturally disappointed. 
Travis Blackley made his first major league start in nearly five years, giving up just one run, three hits and one walk while striking out three in five innings for the A's. 
Trevor Plouffe homered in the fifth for the Twins, and Willingham's double off Jordan Norberto in the sixth following back-to-back walks cut the lead to 3-2. 
Then Morneau tied the game with a sacrifice fly to keep starter Scott Diamond from taking the loss. 
The lefty struck out four with one walk, nine hits and three runs across in 6 1/3 innings. 
ATLANTA -- Another strong outing from Julio Teheran. 
Another clutch hit by Evan Gattis. 
It added up to another win for the Atlanta Braves. 
Gattis hit a two-run homer in the 10th inning after Teheran threw seven strong innings, leading the Braves past the Miami Marlins 4-2 on Monday night. 
Dan Uggla led off with a single up the middle off Arquimedes Caminero (0-1). 
Gattis followed with a shot into the left-field seats for his fifth homer of the season -- and first career walkoff homer, though he had numerous big hits his rookie year. 
Coming off his first career complete game, Teheran turned in another stellar performance by Atlanta's rotation, allowing only one run and five hits before he was lifted for a pinch-hitter. 
He actually lowered the cumulative ERA for Atlanta's starters, already the best in the majors, from 1.54 to 1.52. 
Andrelton Simmons also homered for the Braves, and Jason Heyward put Atlanta up 2-1 with a seventh-inning single off Mike Dunn -- only Heyward's second hit in 19 at-bats off a left-hander. 
Craig Kimbrel failed to hold the lead, a second straight shaky outing for the closer who was yanked in his previous appearance when he couldn't get three outs in a non-save situation against the Mets. 
This time, Gattis contributed to the troubles -- called for catcher interference when a swing ticked his glove -- before pinch-hitter Derek Dietrich lined one off the wall in left-center for a game-tying double. 
But, with runners at second and third and no outs, Kimbrel struck out the side to keep the game 2-2. 
Anthony Varvaro (1-0) worked a scoreless inning for the win, first-place Atlanta's eighth in the last 10 games. 
Garrett Jones homered leading off the second for Miami's first run, just the ninth homer surrendered by the Braves. 
Miami should have scored two runs on Deitrich's double, but pinch-runner Reed Johnson went back to tag at second base on a drive the Braves had no chance of catching. 
That caused Adeiny Hechevarria, running all the way from first, to slow up so he didn't pass Johnson. 
Hechevarria was held at third and never got any farther. 
Miami also squandered a chance in the eighth after Uggla botched a potential inning-ending double play. 
Second-base umpire Marvin Hudson initially called the runner out, ruling that Uggla caught the ball but dropped it attempting to make the relay throw to first. 
Marlins manager Mike Redmond challenged. 
The video showed Uggla making the catch, but losing control as he grabbed the ball with his right hand -- before he actually went into his throwing motion. 
That left Miami with the bases loaded and only one out. 
But Walden fanned Casey McGehee on a called third strike and got Jones on a grounder to Uggla, who stumbled a bit just beyond the infield dirt but made the inning-ending play. 
BALTIMORE -- The cheers from the small group of Orioles fans gathered outside the locked gates beyond center field echoed throughout an empty Camden Yards every time the home team scored a run. 
In what was believed to be the first major league game played without fans in attendance, Chris Davis hit a three-run homer in a six-run first inning Wednesday and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 8-2. 
The game was closed to fans out of concern for their safety following recent rioting in Baltimore after Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man, died in police custody. 
In a crisp 2 hours, 3 minutes, Baltimore won its third straight since snapping a five-game losing streak. 
Ubaldo Jimenez (2-1) continued his rebound from last season's struggles, allowing two runs -- one earned -- on three hits with six strikeouts and just one walk over seven innings. 
Manny Machado hit his fourth home run among his three hits and Caleb Joseph had a pair of RBIs. 
White Sox right-hander Jeff Samardzija (1-2) allowed a season-high eight runs -- seven earned -- on 10 hits, including two homers, over just five innings. 
Entering the game, he had not allowed a run over his previous 10 innings. 
The Orioles batted around against Samardzija in the first. 
With the bases loaded, Adam Jones hit a sacrifice fly and Davis followed with a three-run homer that landed on a nearly empty Eutaw Street. 
A double by Everth Cabrera and a single by Joseph rounded out the scoring. 
Samardzija continued to labor, allowing another RBI single to Joseph in the third. 
Machado's fifth error in the past eight games on a grounder by Alexei Ramirez gave Chicago its first run in the fifth. 
A ground-out by Geovany Soto later that inning pulled them to 7-2. 
Machado made up for his mistake with a solo homer that inning. 
DETROIT -- Miguel Cabrera's calf injury overshadowed Anibal Sanchez's no-hit bid for the Detroit Tigers. 
Miguel Cabrera left Friday night's 8-6 win over the Toronto Blue Jays in the fourth inning when he got hurt while breaking for second base on an attempted hit-and-run. 
Detroit expects the two-time AL MVP to go on the disabled list. 
Cabrera had an MRI, which showed no injury to his Achilles tendon. 
Sanchez's no-hit bid was broken up when former Detroit teammate Ezequiel Carrera lined a single to left with one out in the eighth inning. 
Given an 8-0 lead, Sanchez (7-7) wound up allowing four runs, three hits and three walks in 7 1/3 innings, and left after 117 pitches. 
He was bidding to become the sixth pitcher to throw no-hitters in the AL and NL, according to STATS, a feat accomplished by Cy Young, Jim Bunning, Nolan Ryan, Hideo Nomo and Randy Johnson. 
Sanchez pitched a no-hitter for the Florida Marlins against Arizona on Sept. 6, 2006. 
Cabrera, a two-time AL MVP, was on first base with no outs in the fourth inning and a 3-2 count to Victor Martinez, and took off with the pitch. 
Martinez fouled the ball off, but Cabrera pulled up sharply, grabbing his left leg. 
Detroit said Cabrera will have an MRI. 
Sanchez walked Justin Smoak leading off the eighth, and Devon Travis and Ryan Goins followed Carrera with singles to make it 8-1. 
Josh Donaldson added a two-run single off Alex Wilson, and Jose Bautista walked to load the bases. 
Edwin Encarnacion flied out, Dioner Navarro hit a three-run double that made it 8-6 and Bruce Rondon threw a wild pitch and then walked Smoak. 
With closer Joakim Soria hurrying to warm up, Kevin Pillar hit an inning-ending flyout. 
Soria pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 20 chances, striking out Josh Donaldson to end the game with a runner on second. 
Drew Hutchinson (8-2) gave up seven runs -- five earned -- 10 hits and two walks in 4 2/3 innings. 
Victor Martinez had three hits for the Tigers. 
Cabrera's RBI single put the Tigers ahead in the first, then broke open the game in a five-run fourth. 
With the bases loaded, Nick Castellanos lined a ball into shallow left-center and it bounced out of Carrera's glove as the left fielder tried for a diving catch. 
Carrera threw to third, trying to force Martinez, who hadn't seen the ball bounce free, but the throw eluded Josh Donaldson, and Martinez ended up scoring Detroit's second run on the throwing error. 
Anthony Gose followed with a single to left, but Carrera's throw sailed into the Toronto dugout for another error. 
Gose ended up on third and scored on Jose Iglesias's sacrifice fly. 
SAN DIEGO --  Freddie Freeman was a triple shy of the cycle when Atlanta manager Brian Snitker took out his first baseman because the Braves were beating the San Diego Padres so badly. 
Freeman was OK with the move, because otherwise he would have faced Padres infielder Cory Spangenberg, who pitched the ninth inning of the Braves' 14-1 blowout win. 
Freeman homered and had four hits, and Dansby Swanson and Nick Markakis also went deep. 
Sean Newcomb and Luke Jackson combined on a four-hitter for the NL East leaders, who unloaded with 18 hits one night after losing the series opener 11-4. 
The Padres, last in the NL West, were denied their first four-game winning streak of the season. 
Newcomb (7-1) allowed only three singles in six innings, and each time the baserunner was erased on a double play. 
He struck out three and walked four. 
Newcomb won his seventh straight decision. 
Jackson almost got through three hitless innings of relief before allowing rookie Franmil Reyes' monster homer with two outs in the ninth, his sixth. 
Reyes' shot, estimated at 455 feet, landed near the back of the Braves' bullpen in center field and bounced out of the ballpark. 
Jackson walked two and struck out five in earning his first save. 
Spangenberg made his first big league pitching appearance, giving up one run on two hits and a walk. 
Freeman's first three hits were off Jordan Lyles (2-2). 
The slugger hit an RBI double to right field with two outs in the first and a solo homer to right-center with two outs in the third, his 10th. 
Freeman also doubled to left-center leading off the fifth and scored on Kurt Suzuki's one-out double that started a five-run rally. 
Charlie Culberson hit a two-run double and Swanson followed with a two-run homer, his sixth, to give Atlanta an 8-0 lead. 
The Braves scored five more runs in the seventh off Bryan Mitchell. 
The big hit was Markakis' three-run homer, his eighth. 
Lyles allowed eight runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings. 
CHICAGO -- Elijah Dukes seemed to be beating a path to the batter's box because his Washington Nationals' teammates kept getting on base and giving him a chance to hit. 
Teammate Josh Willingham one-upped Dukes in that department. 
Willingham had a pair of homers and drove in six runs -- he had two grand slams and eight RBIs against Milwaukee last month. 
Washington's highest-scoring game of the season got the Cubs' 10-game homestand off to a poor start as the Nationals rocked ace Carlos Zambrano in his first outing since Aug. 1. 
Sidelined by a sore back, he came off the disabled list before the game. 
The Cubs lost for the 13th time in 18 games and fell nine games behind St. Louis in the NL Central. 
Zambrano said his back was fine. 
Willingham, who entered the game in a 1-for-19 skid, went 4-for-4. 
He had a solo homer in the fourth off Zambrano and a three-run shot off Tom Gorzelanny in the eighth, his 20th and 21st homers of the season. 
Zambrano (7-5) hadn't pitched since going three innings Aug. 1. 
He lasted only 4 1/3 innings, gave up seven hits and was charged with eight runs. 
Dukes' grand slam came off reliever Aaron Heilman and made it 9-1. 
Zambrano was outpitched by the Nationals' Garrett Mock (3-5), who allowed seven hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings, leaving after a two-run double to Geovany Soto in the sixth. 
Milton Bradley homered for Chicago in the seventh and Jeff Baker connected in the ninth. 
The Nationals, who had lost six of their previous seven games, drove Zambrano out in the fifth. 
He hit Willie Harris with a pitch before Cristian Guzman and Ryan Zimmerman singled for Washington's fourth run. 
Zambrano then walked Adam Dunn to load the bases and then walked Willingham to force in a run, ending his night. 
Heilman then struck out Ronnie Belliard out before Dukes connected on the two-out grand slam. 
Zambrano had admitted earlier that he had been lazy in his between-games abdominal workouts to keep his back strong. 
He also likes to take mighty cuts in batting practice and he showed why he does it when he hit his game-tying homer in the third. 
BOSTON -- Manny Ramirez buttoned up a Dodger blue dress shirt, knotted a solid red tie around his neck and left the visitor's clubhouse to pose for pictures and sign autographs for fans waiting outside. 
Facing the Red Sox for the first time since he helped them win two World Series, Ramirez had two of Los Angeles' four hits on Sunday night -- not nearly enough as Clay Buchholz and two relievers shut out the Dodgers 2-0 to complete a three-game sweep. 
The Red Sox have won six in a row, finishing their interleague homestand with an 8-1 record and improving to 16-4 in their past 20 games against NL teams. 
Buchholz (10-4) allowed three hits, three walks and two hit batsmen while striking out four to win for the seventh time in his past eight starts. 
Daniel Bard got four outs and Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 16th save and Boston's sixth shutout. 
For the Red Sox, Pedroia was the key to the only run they needed. 
The Boston second baseman stole two bases in the game, swiping second in the first inning and then continuing to third after catcher Russell Martin's throw trickled into center field for an error. 
The play was backed up, but the Dodgers had shifted the infield with lefty David Ortiz at the plate, and it was pitcher Hiroki Kuroda's responsibility to cover third. 
Ortiz walked, then Kevin Youkilis hit a check-swing dribbler that third baseman Casey Blake ran past, hoping it would go foul. 
The ball rolled down the line and hit the base as Pedroia scored without a throw to make it 1-0. 
Boston made it 2-0 when Marco Scutaro led off the third with a single, Pedroia singled and Ortiz hit a sacrifice fly. 
Kuroda gave up two runs and six hits, a walk and two wild pitches. 
He struck out nine. 
There were more cheers -- and more boos -- for Ramirez, who was playing in Boston for the first time since leaving the city he helped win two World Series titles. 
The 2004 Series MVP was 2 for 3 with a walk in the finale; he also jogged out of the basepaths without any effort to disrupt an inning-ending double play on James Loney's grounder in the third inning. 
The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the first before Buchholz struck out Garret Anderson and got Blake on a comebacker. 
Anderson doubled to lead off the seventh, and two outs later Buchholz hit Blake DeWitt with a pitch in the back of his right leg. 
DeWitt left for a pinch runner, and that was it for Buchholz, too. 
Bard came on to get Jamey Carroll on a first-pitch fielder's choice. 
Torre, who helped DeWitt limp off the field, said the second baseman had an X-ray and it was negative. 
PHOENIX --  The Arizona Diamondbacks squandered one opportunity after another through eight innings Saturday night. 
Aaron Hill's RBI double off Atlanta's Craig Kimbrel forced extra innings, Miguel Montero homered to tie it again in the 10th, then Gerardo Parra's bloop single brought Cody Ross home from second in the 11th to give the Diamondbacks a 4-3 victory over the Braves. 
One night after he set the Braves franchise record for career saves, Craig Kimbrel blew his third of the season in 19 opportunities. 
The Diamondbacks were 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position before Aaron Hill's pinch-hit double off Kimbrel down the right-field line scored Ender Inciarte from second to tie it at 2-2. 
Heyward homered with two outs in the 10th off Addison Reed to put the Braves up 3-2, but Miguel Montero tied it again with an opposite-field, one-out shot off Anthony Varvaro in Arizona's half of the inning. 
Montero was 0 for 4 with runners in scoring position up to that time. 
Ross singled with one out off David Carpenter (4-1), then Didi Gregorius walked to bring up Parra, whose soft flyball fell in front of center fielder B.J. Upton. 
Randall Delgado (1-1) struck out the side after a leadoff walk in the 11th to get the victory. 
It was just the 18th blown save in 173 career opportunities for Kimbrel, still the third-highest percentage in baseball history for pitchers with at least 150 save tries. 
Kimbrel, who earned a four-out save in Atlanta's 5-2 victory Friday night, got Chris Owings to fly out to start the ninth. 
But Inciarte walked and stole second. 
Hill sliced one just inside the right-field foul line to bring Inciarte home. 
Heyward's two-out shot to left field off Addison Reed was his second home run in as many nights and extended his hitting streak to 11 games. 
Inciarte was called safe on a bunt to start the 11th, but Gonzalez challenged and the call was reversed. 
It didn't matter as Arizona went on to score the winner. 
Starters Ervin Santana of Atlanta and Wade Miley of Arizona had strong outings. 
Santana gave up only an unearned run in seven innings, scattering six hits. 
Miley allowed two runs, one earned, on six hits in seven innings, fanning six with no walks. 
The Braves took a 2-1 lead when, with two outs in the sixth, Justin Upton singled to right, then scored from first on Evan Gattis' second double of the night. 
Atlanta second baseman Dan Uggla committed two errors, one leading to a run. 
Martin Prado led off the second with a single, took second on David Peralta's base hit, then scored when Uggla threw the ball away trying to convert a double play on a fielder's choice groundout by Inciarte. 
Atlanta tied it in the third when Andrelton Simmons doubled, took third on the right fielder Parra's errant throw, then scored on Heyward's grounder, sliding in barely below the catcher Montero's tag after a high throw from the third baseman Prado. 
CHICAGO --  While Mat Latos is building up his arm strength after beginning the year on the disabled list, his command was near perfect on Wednesday. 
Latos pitched seven sharp innings for his first win of the season and Jay Bruce had two run-scoring doubles, leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 4-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs. 
With the wind blowing in on a cold summer night, Devin Mesoraco's five-game homer streak came to an end. 
The Reds catcher was tied with Adam Dunn, Ken Griffey Jr., Johnny Bench, George Crowe and Ted Kluszewski for the franchise record. 
Latos (1-0) allowed one run and five hits in his third start after right elbow and left knee surgeries kept him out to open the season. 
His fastball was clocked in the low 90s. 
Latos struck out five and walked none in his first win since Sept. 2 against St. Louis. 
The right-hander also improved to 4-0 with a 2.73 ERA in five career starts at Wrigley Field. 
Latos was coming off a frustrating no-decision against Toronto, when he was staked to an 8-0 lead and was unable to hold on. 
He gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings as the Blue Jays rallied for a 14-9 victory Friday night. 
Edwin Jackson (5-8) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for Chicago, which has dropped four of five. 
Starlin Castro had two hits and drove in a run. 
The Cubs lost two of three against the Reds to fall to 12-31 against Cincinnati over the last three seasons. 
Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect eighth and Aroldis Chapman finished for his 14th save in 15 chances. 
Pinch-hitter Justin Ruggiano doubled off the front of the basket in right field with two outs in the ninth. 
The call was upheld after manager Rick Renteria called for a review, and Chapman struck out pinch-hitter Mike Olt to end the game. 
Cincinnati went ahead to stay with three runs in the sixth. 
Todd Frazier scored from first on Joey Votto's opposite-field double to left. 
After Mesoraco's single, Bruce lined a double off third baseman Luis Valbuena's glove to drive in Votto. 
Jackson struck out Chris Heisey before James Russell came in, and Skip Schumaker executed a perfect suicide squeeze to give the Reds a 4-1 lead. 
Bruce put the Reds in front with a two-out double down the right-field line in the first, scoring Frazier from second. 
Votto tried to hustle home from first but was cut down at the plate on Darwin Barney's relay throw. 
The Cubs tied it in the fourth. 
Ryan Sweeney reached on a leadoff double, advanced on Anthony Rizzo's groundout and scored on Castro's base hit. 
PITTSBURGH --  A dozen seasons in, there is still plenty of life in Joe Mauer's bat. 
The Minnesota Twins first baseman took an 89 mph slider from Pittsburgh's Antonio Bastardo and sent it just over the 21-foot Clemente Wall in right field in the top of the 13th to help the Twins to a 4-3 victory Wednesday night. 
The homer was Mauer's first of the season and first since Aug. 17, 2014, a span of 76 games. 
Torii Hunter went 3 for 5 with three RBIs for the Twins, who improved to an AL-best 13-5 in May. 
Brian Duensing (2-0) picked up the win. 
Glen Perkins worked the last inning for his major league-leading 15th save in a game that Minnesota used eight pitchers to send the Pirates to their sixth loss in their last seven games. 
"I don't know if I was cut out to manage in the National League or not," Twins manager Paul Molitor joked. "You get a newfound respect when you go through a game like that with all the things that can go on." 
Josh Harrison went 3 for 6 for the Pirates. 
Andrew McCutchen had three hits, including a solo home run off Blaine Boyer in the eighth but the Pirates fell to 0-6 in extra-inning games when Bastardo (0-1) let Mauer go deep. 
One night after jumping to a 7-0 lead against former Twin Francisco Liriano, Minnesota again wasted little time getting to Pittsburgh starter Jeff Locke. 
Danny Santana led off with a double, Mauer singled one out later and Trevor Plouffe walked to load the bases with one out. 
Hunter brought them all home, slapping a double off the Clemente Wall that took a weird bounce off the scoreboard away from Harrison, giving Plouffe time to chug around all the way from first. 
Locke finally wiggled free without further damage but needed 36 pitches to get three outs. 
He regained his control and composure the rest of the way, working six innings while walking two and striking out six but remained winless in his last five starts. 
Minnesota starter Mike Pelfrey cooled recently after a hot April, failing to make it out of the fifth inning in two of his last three starts. 
He immediately gave back a run when Starling Marte singled home Neil Walker in the bottom of the first but breezed through six innings, allowing one run and five hits with no walks before the bullpen gave it away. 
The Pirates pulled within one on an RBI-single by recently recalled Jose Tabata off Aaron Thompson in the seventh and McCutchen tied it in the eighth with a line shot to center. 
Pittsburgh couldn't complete the comeback, however, while falling to 0-6 in extra-inning games. 
LOS ANGELES --  Pitching close to home, Tyler Mahle wanted to give his family and friends something worth the drive from Orange County. 
Early on, the Dodgers were running his pitch count high enough that Mahle figured he'd be gone. 
Instead, Mahle outdueled Walker Buehler in a matchup of 23-year-old right-handers, and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4-1 on Thursday night for their season-high third straight victory. 
Scooter Gennett went 3 for 4 and drove in three runs, while Mahle and three relievers combined on a four-hitter in the series opener. 
Mahle fanned two, giving him 44 strikeouts in eight starts this season, which leads the majors among pitchers his age or younger. 
Mahle (3-4) allowed one run and three hits in five innings and walked four. 
Dylan Floro and Wandy Peralta followed with one hit over 2 2/3 innings before Raisel Iglesias tossed 1 1/3 innings of relief with three strikeouts for his fifth save. 
Buehler retired 15 of his first 17 batters before the Reds got to him in the sixth, ending his streak of 15 scoreless innings -- longest by a Dodgers pitcher this season. 
Gennett doubled in the tying and go-ahead runs with two outs in the inning, giving the Reds a 2-1 lead. 
Billy Hamilton added a run in the seventh on a two-out triple in the right-field corner that scored Tucker Barnhart, who hit a leadoff double. 
Hamilton was 2 for 4. 
Gennett homered on the first pitch from Daniel Hudson in the eighth, extending the Reds' lead to 4-1. 
The last-place Reds ended their futility against the Dodgers. 
They had lost eight in a row overall and nine straight in Los Angeles. 
Joey Votto went 2 for 4 with a run scored after defensive miscues in the first two innings. 
He was charged with an error in the first when he couldn't pick up Yasmani Grandal's grounder and flipped to first base too late. 
Votto fielded a sacrifice bunt by Buehler in the second, but his throw to second base sailed past Gennett and the runner was safe. 
Buehler (2-1) gave up two runs and five hits in six innings. 
He tied a career high with eight strikeouts and walked none. 
He was a key contributor to the Dodgers' combined no-hitter against the Padres in Mexico last week. 
The Dodgers' lone run came on Chase Utley's RBI single with two outs in the first. 
Cody Bellinger, last year's NL rookie of the year, was hitless in four at-bats with two strikeouts. 
Leadoff hitter Chris Taylor was hitless in four at-bats, Matt Kemp was 0 for 3 with a walk and Yasiel Puig was 0 for 4 with two strikeouts. 
Los Angeles fell to 8-10 at home, a record that Roberts called "inexcusable" before the game. 
DENVER (AP) -- Matt Holliday missed a chance to get the big hit in the sixth inning. 
He nailed his chance in the eighth. 
Holliday hit a two-run home run in the bottom of the eighth, Aaron Cook pitched seven strong innings and the Colorado Rockies snapped a five-game losing streak with a 2-1 win over the Atlanta Braves on Monday night. 
Tom Glavine gave up three hits in 6 1/3 shutout innings but got his second straight no-decision, despite owning a 0.79 ERA in two starts. 
The game took just 2:05 to play, the shortest nine-inning game in Coors Field history. 
Holliday came through with a timely hit when Colorado needed it most. 
The Rockies had lost their first three home games and were in danger of dropping another when they rallied off of Blaine Boyer (0-2). 
Troy Tulowitzki led off with a double to right-center, and after Todd Helton struck out looking, Holliday blasted Boyer's first-pitch fastball over the center field wall. 
The homer spoiled a strong outing by Glavine. 
Glavine was nearly perfect through five innings, scattering a pair of two-out singles and going to a three-ball count only once. 
He threw just 52 pitches in the first five innings before faltering in the sixth, when he threw 26 pitches. 
With two outs he gave up consecutive walks to Tulowitzki and Helton before getting Holliday to fly out to center. 
The Rockies chased Glavine in the seventh but couldn't score. 
Garrett Atkins led off the seventh with a single, and after Brad Hawpe hit into a fielder's choice, Peter Moylan relieved Glavine. 
Colorado loaded the bases with two outs on a Jayson Nix single and a pitch that hit Scott Podsednik, but Moylan struck out Willy Taveras to end the threat. 
Matt Herges (1-0) got the victory in relief of Cook, and Manny Corpas got his second save of the season. 
The Braves struck first with one out in the first inning. 
Yunel Escobar singled to right field, and Chipper Jones followed with a double to the gap in left-center to make it 1-0. 
After that, Cook was in control. 
He retired the next 12 batters he faced before he gave up a one-out walk to Mark Kotsay in the fifth inning. 
Kotsay reached second on a ground out by Matt Diaz, but he was stranded when Glavine grounded out to Tulowitzki at shortstop. 
After giving up the RBI double to Jones, Cook retired 20 of 21 before leaving for a pinch-hitter in the bottom of the seventh having surrendered only two hits. 
The Rockies hope the homer sparks their offense. 
LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc. ltxb announced a deal Monday to be acquired by regional bank Prosperity Banchshares Inc. PB, -0.33% in a cash and stock deal valued at $2.1 billion. 
Under terms of the deal, LegacyTexas shareholders will receive 0.5280 Prosperity shares and $6.28 in cash for each LegacyTexa share they own, which based on Friday's closing prices values LegacyTexas at a $41.78 share--a 9.3% premium--at a market capitalization of about $2.03 billion. 
Shares of LegacyTexas and Prosperity were still inactive in premarket trading. 
"This is a rare opportunity to significantly enhance our presence in the Dallas/Fort Worth MSA, a market with a diverse economy that is continually attracting investment and has a growing population," said Prosperity Chief Executive David Zalman. 
LegacyTexas's stock has climbed 19.1% year to date through Monday and Prosperity shares have gained 7.9%, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.15% has advanced 15.1%. 
(Reuters) - European shares fell on Thursday, weighed down by energy stocks and Nokia shares while investors parsed through a mixed bag of earnings in the region amid lingering concerns for the eurozone economy. 
The pan-European STOXX 600 index fell 0.4 percent by 0730 GMT after the benchmark index’s eight session rally stalled on Wednesday. 
Among the biggest drags was Finnish telecom network equipment maker Nokia which slid 10 percent after the company reported a surprise quarterly loss citing hard competition in its core networks business. 
Nokia shares dragged the tech index lower after its 4 percent surge in prior session. 
Switzerland’s biggest bank UBS advanced after its first-quarter results surpassed analyst expectations. 
This follows a surprise profit from its smaller rival Credit Suisse on Wednesday. 
Britain’s Barclays slipped after reporting a 10 percent drop in the quarterly profit, as tough market conditions caused a drop in earnings at its under-pressure investment bank. 
Swedbank fell 3 percent after posting an estimate-beating first-quarter profit but the Swedish lender admitted to previous shortcomings in combating money laundering. 
The banking index shed 0.6 percent broadly as Germany’s benchmark 10-year government bond yield held below zero percent, a day after a disappointing German Ifo sentiment survey exacerbated growth concerns in the region. 
Sainsbury’s slipped 6 percent after Britain’s competition regulator blocked the retailer’s proposed 7.3 billion pound ($9.4 billion) takeover of Walmart owned Asda. 
On the other end of the index, heavyweight Bayer rose after the drug and farming supplies company posted a 45 percent gain in quarterly core earnings on the back of seed maker Monsanto’s acquisition. 
ASM soared 7 percent to the top of the pan-regional index after the semiconductor company beat first-quarter targets. 
Meanwhile Germany’s Dialog Semiconductor rose more than 1 percent after forecasting higher than anticipated profits in the first quarter. 
German payments company Wirecard extended a rally from the previous session as it reiterated its profit forecast for 2019. 
A modest rally for stocks on Wall Street mostly faded in the final minutes of trading Wednesday, ending winning streaks for the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average. 
The Nasdaq managed a tiny gain, enough to give it another record high. 
Trading was mostly listless on a day without major new economic data and only a few corporate earnings reports. 
More stocks rose than fell on the New York Stock Exchange. 
On Wednesday: 
The S&P 500 fell 1.38 points, or less than 0.1%, to 3,191.14. 
The Dow dropped 27.88 points, or 0.1%, to 28,239.28. 
The Nasdaq composite rose 4.38 points, or 0.1%, to 8,827.73, a record. 
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gained 4.17 points, or 0.3%, to 1,661.73. 
For the week: 
The S&P 500 is up 22.34 points, or 0.7%. 
The Dow is up 103.90 points, or 0.4%. 
The Nasdaq is up 92.86 points, or 1.1%. 
The Russell 2000 is up 23.75 points, or 1.4%. 
For the year: 
The S&P 500 is up 684.29 points, or 27.3%. 
The Dow is up 4,911.82 points, or 21.1%. 
The Nasdaq is up 2,192.46 points, or 33%. 
The Russell 2000 is up 313.17 points, or 22% 
Beyond Meat dropped as much as 6% in pre-market trading after new competitor Tyson Foods continued its push into the alternative meat market. 
Noel White, the CEO of Tyson Foods, told investors on Thursday the company is willing to boost its marketing spending in order to compete. 
Tyson announced its push into the alternative meat market in early June. 
Beyond Meat has seen a meteoric rise in its stock price since its public market debut in May as the demand for its products has spiked. 
Watch Beyond Meat trade live. 
Shares of Beyond Meat fell as much as 6% in early trading on Friday after Tyson Foods CEO Noel White told investors the company was willing to increase its marketing spending to push into the alternative meat market. 
The comments were part of Tyson Foods’ investor day on Thursday, where White discussed his firm’s outlook. 
“The company will spend more in 2019 than in 2018, which has had a positive impact,” he said. 
In early June, Tyson Foods released plant-based nuggets, its first alternative-meat product. 
In a statement at the time of the release, White said alternative protein could become a billion-dollar business for Tyson. 
The firm’s stock is up as much as 47% this year. 
Beyond Meat is expected to release a new ground beef product in grocery stores on June 24. 
The company’s stock has risen as much as 700% from its IPO price in May. 
Update: It takes more than a nasty system outage to hold the Footsie back. 
Today, anyway. 
The UK’s blue-chip index has just closed for the day, with solid gains, as traders put this morning’s 100-minute outage behind them. 
The FTSE 100 gained exactly 50 points, or 0.7%, to finish at 7,117 - a small but welcome improvement on Thursday’s six-month low. 
Other European markets clambered back off the mat too, with Germany’s DAX up around 1.3% 
Connor Campbell of SpreadEx says the FTSE came “fashionable late” to the party. 
The FTSE finally was able to join the market relief rally on Friday after being held at the gate this morning. 
Foreign investors’ sales of South African stocks jumped to a record as emerging-market index changes by compiler MSCI Inc. prompted money managers to adjust their holdings. 
Net outflows surged to R13.3 billion ($894 million) of South African shares Tuesday, compared with net purchases of R389 million in the previous session, figures from stock exchange operator JSE Ltd. show. 
MSCI added twenty-six China shares, 30 equities from Saudi Arabia and eight Argentine securities to its emerging-market stock benchmarks, at the expense of South African stocks in changes that took effect Tuesday. 
Net sales of Naspers were the largest Tuesday, at R4.9 billion. 
Nedbank, Hyprop Investments, Bidvest Ltd. and FirstRand were also in the top five, the JSE figures show. 
“South Africa’s weighting went from 6.34% to 6.05% in the MSCI emerging market index,” said Matete Thulare, an analyst at FirstRand Bank in Johannesburg. 
MSCI is the world’s biggest index compiler and its emerging-markets index is the most important for the asset class, with as much as $1.8 trillion in assets benchmarked to it as of June 2018. 
South Africa’s main stock index was 0.5% higher at 11:03 in Johannesburg on Wednesday. 
* Saudi extends gains for a fourth-day 
* 24 of 30 Egyptian stocks rise 
* DIB shareholders approve Noor Bank acquisition 
Dec 18 (Reuters) - Major Gulf stocks rose on Wednesday, mostly led by financials with Saudi extending gains for a fourth straight session, while gains in blue-chips bolstered Egypt. 
In Saudi, the index ended 0.7% higher, with National Commercial Bank and Riyad Bank adding 3.8% and 1.7%, respectively. 
They said they had ended preliminary merger talks in separate stock exchange filings on Monday. 
Saudi Aramco's shares meanwhile fell 2.8% to 36.7 riyals ($9.79) on the first day of their inclusion in the MSCI emerging markets index. 
The oil giant's shares were also included in the Saudi Tadawul index on Wednesday and will join the FTSE global benchmark on Thursday. 
Egypt's blue-chip index rebounded for a second day, increasing 1.2% with 24 of 30 stocks rising. 
Commercial International Bank, the country's largest lender, jumped 2.3% and Talaat Mostafa advanced 2.4%. 
Exchange data showed foreign investors were net buyers of Egyptian stocks on Wednesday. 
Dubai's index rose 1.1% as Emaar Properties gained 2%, and Emirates NBD was up 1.2%. 
Dubai Islamic Bank rose 0.4% after saying it had received shareholder approval for the acquisition of unlisted Dubai-based Noor Bank. 
The acquisition will make the United Arab Emirates' largest sharia-compliant bank one of the top Islamic banks in the world, with total assets worth 275 billion dirhams ($74.87 billion), up from 230 billion dirhams at the end of September. 
The Abu Dhabi index closed up 0.7%, with First Abu Dhabi Bank (FAB) adding 1.2% and Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank gaining 1%. 
On Monday, FAB said it had further expanded its network in Saudi Arabia by opening a branch in Jeddah. 
** Qatar was closed for a public holiday. 
SAUDI ARABIA          rose 0.7% to 8,253 points 
ABU DHABI            added 0.7% to 5,095 points 
DUBAI                  gained 1.1% to 2,787 points 
EGYPT                  up 1.2% to 13,794 points 
BAHRAIN              was flat at 1,584 points 
OMAN                 slipped 0.1% to 3,943 points 
KUWAIT               was up 0.5% at 6,829 points 
($1 = 3.6728 UAE dirham) 
($1 = 3.7500 riyals) 
Investors held steady the last time Congress ordered an official impeachment inquiry into a US president, and markets thrived through the political turmoil. 
That stands in contrast to the stock market's immediately negative reaction to Tuesday's impeachment inquiry announcement from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. 
The proceedings bring heightened uncertainty to the US political landscape at a time when recession warnings and the US-China trade war still threaten a historic bull run. 
Yet historical precedent and analyst commentary suggests today's traders shouldn't fear the political drama. 
The House of Representatives voted to begin impeachment proceedings against former President Bill Clinton in October 1998. 
The economy was surging on the dot-com boom, and six of the top 10 performing stocks were in the tech sector, according to The Wall Street Journal. 
The companies that rose the most included Cognizant Technologies Solutions, VeriSign, and Qorvo. 
Tech companies weren't alone in their strong performance, as major stock indexes soared through the four months of the Clinton impeachment proceedings. 
The Nasdaq Composite jumped nearly 64% from the start of the inquiry to the final Senate vote. 
The S&P 500 rose more than 28%. 
Clinton was acquitted in February 1999 after the Senate failed to convict him on any articles of impeachment. 
Despite the increased unreliability and vastly different economic backdrop, traders should follow the precedent seen in the Clinton era and allay their fears, JPMorgan Chase head of cross-asset strategy John Normand said. 
The drama brought by an impeachment proceeding brings "little justification" for investors to change their portfolios, unless they feel "this issue is a decisive one that tips the US economy into sub-trend growth," Normand wrote in a Wednesday note. 
"To us, impeachment more seems yet another constraint on returns over the next year, given the newer uncertainties created around international and domestic policy," he added. "This isn't the sort of macroeconomic or political environment where single factors are likely to predict much." 
Britannia Industries will replace Hindustan Petroleum Corporation in the Nifty 50 index from 29 March, the National Stock Exchange said on Monday. 
Shares of HPCL dropped 1.54% to ₹227.40 on NSE. 
Britannia Industries on the other hand gained 1.43 % to settle at ₹3,056 on the bourse. 
Six stocks, Bajaj Holdings & Investment, Divi's Laboratories, HDFC Asset Management Company Ltd, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, Page Industries and United Breweries will be included in the Nifty Next 50 index, the NSE said in a release. 
Besides similar changes are made in Nifty500, Nifty 100, Nifty Midcap 150, Nifty Smallcap 250, Nifty Midcap 50 and Nifty Midcap 100, Nifty 200, Nifty Financial Services among others, the release added. 
According to the revised method, all sectoral indices except for Nifty Tata Group, the weightage of each stock in the indices will be calculated based on its free-float market capitalization such that no single stock shall be more than 34 per cent and weightage of top 3 stocks cumulatively will not be more than 63 per cent at the time of rebalancing, said NSE 
For Nifty Tata Group, the weightage of each stock will be calculated such that no single stock will be more than 25 per cent and weightage of top 3 stocks cumulatively will not be more than 63 per cent at the time of rebalancing, bourse added. 
BIST 100 index falls 0.98% -- 919.70 points -- from last week's close, USD/TRY exchange rate stands around 5.99 
Turkey's benchmark stock index was down 0.98% or 919.70 points to open at 93,026.37 points Monday. 
On Friday, Borsa Istanbul's BIST 100 index fell 0.25% to close at 93,946.08 points with a daily trading volume of 3.91 billion Turkish liras ($655 million). 
Last week, the benchmark index posted a 0.88% decline, although it has climbed 5.72% from 88,865.01 points at the close on the first business day of 2019. 
The U.S. dollar/Turkish lira exchange rate stood at 5.9960 as of 9.30 a.m. local time (0630GMT) Monday, compared to 5.9720 at Friday's close. 
The euro/Turkish lira exchange rate was 6.7150, versus 6.6880, and one British pound was exchanged for 7.8850 Turkish liras, compared to 7.7780. 
One barrel of Brent oil was sold for $69.27 as of 10.15 a.m. local time (0715GMT) on Monday. 
KARACHI: The Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) continued its bullish trend on Thursday after closing on an upward trajectory the day before. 
The benchmark KSE-100 index was up 15.36 points. 
The current index closed at 36,536.78 points with a 0.04% change. 
On Wednesday, the KSE-100 gained 1,010 points closing just shy of the 36,000 points level. 
A total volume of 151million shares were traded with a value of Rs7.19billion. 
Wednesday's bullish run came a day after the market was dominated by bears, which dragged it below the 35,000 points. 
The KSE-100 closed the outgoing week at 35,703 points, gaining 2,537 points or 7.5%—the biggest increase in the market for over a decade. 
The gains helped the index recover 40% of its accumulated losses in the previous weeks since fluctuations in the rupee exchange rate and economic uncertainty wreaked havoc in the financial markets. 
Dollar falls in interbank 
The dollar continued to fall against the Pakistani rupee on Thursday down Rs1.42 in the interbank market. 
The US dollar was trading at Rs 148.21. 
In the open market, the value of the dollar decreased by Rs0.70 to Rs149.30 
A day earlier, the Pakistani currency also registered slight gains again the US dollar, with the greenback shedding Rs0.59 to close the3 day at Rs149.63 at the interbank. 
Stocks closed broadly higher on Wall Street Wednesday, marking more record highs on a holiday-shortened week. 
Optimism on trade talks between the U.S. and China as well as encouraging reports on the economy kept the market chugging higher. 
U.S. markets will be closed Thursday for Thanksgiving. 
On Wednesday: 
The S&P 500 index rose 13.11 points, or 0.4%, to 3,153.63. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 42.32 points, or 0.2%, to 28,164. 
The Nasdaq climbed 57.24 points, or 0.7%, to 8,705.18. 
The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies added 9.87 points, or 0.6%, to 1,634.10. 
For the week: 
The S&P 500 is up 43.34 points, or 1.4%. 
The Dow is up 288.38 points, or 1%. 
The Nasdaq is up 185.29 points, or 2.2% 
The Russell 2000 is up 45.16 points, or 2.8%. 
For the year: 
The S&P 500 is up 646.78 points, or 25.8%. 
The Dow is up 4,836.54 points, or 20.7%. 
The Nasdaq is up 2,069.90 points, or 31.2%. 
The Russell 2000 is up 285.55 points, or 21.2%. 
Chesapeake Energy Corp. 
CHK, -2.57% said Tuesday it entered into a privately negotiated agreement to issue a total of 250.7 million shares of common stock in exchange for senior notes and convertible preferred stock. 
the stock slumped 2.1% in premarket trading. 
"We had an opportunity to partner with a large, multi-asset investment manager who believes in the long-term value of our common shares and, in doing so, retired a portion of our debt and preferred stock at a significant discount to its par value and reduced our annual interest and preferred dividend payments by approximately $35 million," said the oil and gas company's chief executive, Doug Lawler. 
The common stock issuance represents 15.3% of the 1.63 billion shares outstanding as of July 31. 
The stock will be exchanged for $40 million in 5.75% convertible preferred stock, $112.7 million in 4.875% senior notes due 2022, $129.3 million in 5.75% senior notes due 2023, $155.8 million in 5.5% convertible senior notes due 2026 and $150 million in 8.0% senior notes due 2027. 
The stock has shed 10.0% year to date through Monday, while the SPDR Energy Select Sector ETF XLE, -0.72% has gained 5.0% and the S&P 500 SPX, +0.23% has rallied 18.8%. 
CDW Corp. 
CDW, -5.10% will join the S&P 500 index this month, and shares jumped more than 5% Tuesday in after-hours trading following the announcement. 
S&P Global announced Tuesday afternoon that the tech company would enter the index ahead of trading on Monday, Sept. 23, to replace Total System Services Inc. 
TSS, +2.59%, which is being acquired by Global Payments Inc. 
GPN, +1.36% CDW shares have increased more than 40% so far this year, as the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.39% has gained 19.9%. 
t the end of Iran’s stock market trading week on Wednesday, the main index of Tehran Stock Exchange, TEDPIX rose 0.28% compared with the reported figure for a week earlier. 
The TSE benchmark ended the week at 255,163.3 points on Wednesday, according to the Securities and Exchange News Agency. 
The First Market Index was down 751 points, or 0.4% weekly to post 185,911.9. 
Second Market Index increased by 7,114 points, or 1.4%, to reach 516,835. 
During the five-day trading sessions, the total value of TSE  trades reached 53.24 trillion rials ($443.7 million) – up 25%  in weekly value. 
Trading at TSE starts on Saturday and ends Wednesday. 
A total of 13.32 billion securities were traded in more than 1.44 million deals during the week, registering an increase of 25% in the number of securities and 28% growth in number of deals. 
During the week, a total of 194 million units of Exchange Traded Funds worth 2.01 trillion rials ($16.75 million) changed hands. 
ETF is a basket of securities traded on an exchange similar to stocks. 
A basket of shares represent a unit of ETF. 
In the debt market, where participatory bonds, certificates of deposit and Sukuk are traded, a total of 2.1 million participatory securities worth 2.14 trillion rials ($17.8 million) were traded. 
(Reuters) - London Stock Exchange Group Plc said on Monday it acquired data provider Beyond Ratings, as the exchange operator bulks up its Information Services business to meet a growing demand for environmental, social and governance (ESG) products. 
The deal, terms of which were not disclosed, will be funded from existing facilities, the LSE said, adding that the addition was highly complementary to FTSE Russell’s existing ESG index and data offering. 
Waqas Samad, Group Director of LSE’s Information Services business, told Reuters on a call that clients continued to ask for solutions for ESG and sustainability in fixed income as much as they did in equities. 
He added that ESG has been growing rapidly over the past five years. 
“This (Beyond Ratings) is a great fit for us” 
The purchase of Beyond Ratings, which provides ESG data for fixed income investors, is part of LSE’s continued investment in the Information Services business. 
LSE’s Information Services business, which makes up nearly half of total revenue, provides information and data products including indices and benchmarks, analytics, real time pricing data, product identification and trade reporting and reconciliation services. 
Shares of the FTSE 100 company, which climbed as much as 1.2% following the deal announcement, were up 0.7% by 1158 GMT. 
Shares of Movado Group Inc. 
MOV, -1.47% shot up 19% in morning trade Thursday, to pace the NYSE's gainers, after the luxury watch seller reported fiscal fourth-quarter earnings and revenue that rose above expectations. 
For the quarter to Jan. 31, the company swung to a net profit of $17.4 million, or 74 cents a share, from a loss of $33.9 million, or $1.47 a share, in the year-ago period, which included a tax-reform related expense. 
Excluding non-recurring items, adjusted EPS rose to 67 cents from 52 cents. 
The average EPS estimate of two analysts surveyed by FactSet was 55 cents, with a range of 54 cents to 56 cents. 
Sales rose to $199.4 million from $149.2 million, compared with the range of two estimates of $190.0 million to $198.0 million. 
For fiscal 2020, the company expects EPS of $2.70 to $2.80, up from $2.61 in 2019, and sales of $750.0 million to $765.0 million, compared with $679.6 million in 2019. 
The stock has run up 23% year to date, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.29% has gained 12%. 
The Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) adopted a positive trajectory on Wednesday as the benchmark KSE-100 Index climbed whopping 1,010 points to close at 35,959 — up 2.8 per cent. 
The market opened on a positive note and maintained the mood throughout the session. 
The market opening at 34,949 remained a day low, while the benchmark index hit a day high at 35,993 near the end of the session. 
The volume of shares traded in the benchmark index increased from 122.8 million shares to 151.5m shares. 
Similarly, the value of shares traded increased to Rs7.2 billion as compared to Rs6.9bn yesterday. 
The Bank of Punjab (BoP), Fauji Cement Company Ltd (FCCL) and Unity Foods Limited (UFL) remained the top active scrips with 17.4m shares, 11.8m shares, and 9.9m shares traded respectively. 
"Investors celebrated the news reports of the confirmation of government support fund which is aimed at stabilising the stock market," said Next Capital Limited's head of foreign institutional sales, Mohammad Faizan. 
The government support fund will be managed by National Investment Trust (NIT) and will be injecting funds in state-owned listed companies. 
He added that the market participation for the benchmark index increased by 24pc on a day-on-day basis. 
"Major contribution to total market volume came from BOP, FCCL, and UNITY churning 39m shares out of the total market share of 182mn shares." 
"Daily traded value for the 100 Index increased to $48m from $46m in the previous session," he said. 
BERLIN, Sept. 3 (Xinhua) -- German stocks continued to show little movement at the start of trading on Tuesday, with the benchmark DAX index losing 31.84 points, or 0.27 percent, opening at 11,921.94 points. 
The biggest winner among Germany's largest 30 companies at the start of trading was housing company Vonovia, increasing 0.26 percent, followed by carmaker Daimler with 0.24 percent. 
As on Monday, shares of German chip manufacturer Infineon were among the top-3 DAX titles at the start of trading, increasing 0.19 percent. 
Deutsche Boerse announced on Monday that it would move up to the leading European index, the Euro Stoxx 50. 
Germany's stock exchange operator had increased profits in the first half of the year and shares are at an all-time high. 
Shares of Thyssenkrupp lost 1.22 percent on Tuesday. 
The German industrial company will lose its place in Germany's top-30 DAX index on Wednesday and was the biggest loser at the start of trading. 
After more than 30 years in Germany's DAX index, shares of ThyssenKrupp will be moved from the DAX to the smaller MDAX index on Wednesday. 
The Swiss bank Credit Suisse Tuesday updated its valuation of Thyssenkrupp to "Underperform" and set a price target of nine euros (currently around 11 euros). 
"This is an expression of the change in the economy," Andreas Pinkwart (FDP), state minister of economic affairs told Handelsblatt. 
The euro hit a low on Tuesday. 
At the start of trading on Tuesday, it was traded at 1.0931 U.S. dollars, its lowest level since mid-2017. 
MTN Nigeria has received approval to list on the premium board of The Nigerian Stock Exchange (“NSE”) 
The listing is set to proceed on 16 May 2019 and will be done by way of an introductory listing. 
The listing by introduction means that the shares of existing MTN Nigeria shareholders will be listed without an additional public sale of shares. 
From this point, all MTN Nigeria shareholders will be free to trade their shares on the NSE. 
“As MTN Group we are very pleased that we are taking this first and important step towards increasing the local ownership of the company, and building the equity capital markets in Nigeria,” said MTN Group CFO, Ralph Mupita. 
MTN Nigeria recently announced its earnings for the first quarter ended 31 March 2019, recording 13.4% growth in service revenue. 
This was driven by a 12.7% and 32.4% rise in voice and data revenue respectively and the addition of 2.1 million active mobile subscribers to the network. 
The company announced Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) of N150.4 billion and expanded EBITDA margins to 53.3% (44.2%, on an IAS 17 basis) due to growth in revenue and effective cost management. 
The Toronto Stock Exchange’s  S&P/TSX .GSPTSE fell 155.26 points, or 0.96 percent, to 16,089.33. 
* Leading the index were OceanaGold Corp (OGC.TO), up 4.3 percent, Franco-Nevada Corp (FNV.TO), up 3.6 percent, and Barrick Gold Corp (ABX.TO), higher by 3.4 percent. 
* Lagging shares were Lundin Mining Corp (LUN.TO), down 8.0 percent, BRP Inc (DOO.TO), down 7.5 percent, and MEG Energy Corp (MEG.TO), lower by 6.6 percent. 
* On the TSX 81 issues rose and 158 fell as a 0.5-to-1 ratio favored decliners. 
There were 23 new highs and 1 new low, with total volume of 335.6 million shares. 
* The most heavily traded shares by volume were Bombardier Inc (BBDb.TO), Aurora Cannabis Inc (ACB.TO) and Encana Corp (ECA.TO). 
* The TSX’s energy group .SPTTEN fell 4.40 points, or 2.7 percent, while the financials sector .SPTTFS slipped 3.69 points, or 1.2 percent. 
West Texas Intermediate crude futures CLc1 fell 1.68 percent, or $1.01, to $58.97 a barrel. 
Brent crude LCOc1  fell 1.31 percent, or $0.89, to $66.97 [O/R] 
* The TSX is up 12.3 percent for the year. 
(Reuters) - Asian stocks valuations’ rose on the back of a strong rally in the first quarter of 2019, but regional equities still look attractive compared with global peers, Refinitiv data showed. 
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares rose about 9 percent in the first quarter of 2019, its biggest quarterly gain since January-March 2012. 
That propelled the index’s forward price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) to a 10-month high of 12.89 at the end of March. 
However, it was still less than the MSCI All Country World index’s forward 12 month P/E of 14.78, the data showed. 
South Korea, Hong Kong and China were the lowest-cost shares in the region, with P/E multiples of about 12 or less. 
India and Malaysia were the most expensive, with ratios of 18.3 and 15.8 respectively. 
“The region trades at a steep discount to global equities,” DBS Bank said in a note. 
“The China equity market is particularly attractive on aggressive policy tailwinds and MSCI index re-weighting,” it said. 
US stocks closed mixed on Monday as Citigroup’s earnings report rattled bank stocks and healthcare shares were buoyed by a Gilead Science’s $5.1 billion investment in Galapagos NV. 
Despite reporting better than expected revenue and earnings per share, Citigroup’s financial results sent bank shares falling over concerns that the bank’s reported drop in net interest margins could be a problem for other Wall Street firms. 
Major US banks including Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley, and Bank of America are also expected to report second-quarter earnings this week. 
Healthcare stocks were helped by the announcement of Gilead investing $5.1 billion to deepen its partnership with Galapagos, a Belgian biotech firm. 
The announcement sent shares of Galapagos soaring as much as 20% and Gilead rose by as much as 2.5%. 
Here’s a look at today’s closing numbers: 
The S&P 500 fell by 0.02% to 3,014.30 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose by 0.10% to 27,359.16 
The Nasdaq Composite rose by 0.17% to 8,258.19 
Boeing’s 737 Max planes might be grounded into 2020, a new report from the Wall Street Journal found. 
Shares of the aircraft manufacturer fell by as much as 1.7% as the fallout from the 737 Max crisis persists. 
Shares of Symantec plunged as much as 16% amid reports Broadcom was no longer pursuing a purchase of the cybersecurity firm. 
According to CNBC, Symantec refused to accept anything less than $28 a share for the company. 
Within the S&P 500, these were the largest gainers: 
CF Industries Holdings Inc: 3.68% 
AMD: 3.54% 
Wynn Resorts: 2.85% 
And the largest decliners: 
Symantec: (-10.83%) 
Noble Energy: (-4.44%) 
Cimarex Energy: (-4.39%) 
China also reported its economy grew by 6.2% in the second quarter of 2019 as trade tensions continue to rise with the US. 
The figure represents the slowest growth rate in close to 27 years for the world’s second largest economy. 
Which company deserves the most credit for the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s run to a milestone at 27,000 since last posting a finish at or above a round-number milestone at 26,000 back on Jan. 17? 
Visa Inc. V, +1.91% 
The credit-card giant has rung up rich gains over the past 17 months, contributing some 390 points to the price-weighted Dow DJIA, +0.31%, while Microsoft Corp. 
MSFT, +0.65% has added about 324 points to the blue-chip gauge, according to Dow Jones Market Data during that period. 
Shares of Visa have climbed nearly 50% since mid January of 2018, rising to $180.74 a share from $121.98. 
As opposed to the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.19% and the market-capitalization weighted Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.08%, each dollar move in any one of the Dow’s 30 components equates to a 6.8-point swing in the 123-year-old, price-weighted benchmark. 
Microsoft shares have jumped by more than 54%, trading at $138.40 from $90.14 a share at the close of trading Jan. 17. 
Meanwhile, the biggest drags on the Dow have been industrial giants, with 3M Co. exacting a 564-point toll on the index over the period, and Caterpillar Inc.’s shares dragging its down by 247 points. 
Here’s a complete list of the contributors to the Dow’s relatively lengthy jaunt from 26,000 to 27,000, according to Dow Jones Market Data (the list includes 32 constituents accounting for a split up of DowDuPont Inc. and Walgreens replacing General Electric as a component: 
All three main U.S. stock gauges rallied on Thursday, aided partly by stock-supportive central-bank policy, with Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell in congressional testimony setting the stage for an aggressive round of reductions to benchmark federal-funds rates at a range of 2.25%-2.50%. 
On Thursday, the S&P 500 SPX, +0.19% closed at a record while the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.08% finished within range of its own all-time high. 
Argentina’s main stock market plummeted 48 percent in U.S. dollar terms on Monday. 
The S&P Merval’s fall was the second-largest drop of any major stock index tracked by Bloomberg since 1950. 
Argentine President Mauricio Macri’s wider-than-expected margin of defeat in primary elections Sunday by his center-left rival, Alberto Fernández, sent shock waves through the Argentine stock market. 
The conservative Macri is known for championing austerity and freer markets as solutions to Argentina’s recession. 
As seen in the chart below, two of the five worst stock market drops since 1950 occurred in Argentina. 
The only country that suffered a larger drop in U.S. dollar terms is Sri Lanka, which in 1989 was mired in civil war. 
But despite yesterday’s drop, Argentina’s Merval is only down 9.12 percent in 2019 to date. 
The key indices in Pakistan and Oman have performed worse this year. 
The shares of Banca Transilvania, which trade on the Bucharest Stock Exchange under the ticker TLV, have reached new historical records in recent days. 
On Tuesday, July 16, Banca Transilvania’s shares were trading at RON 2.55 per share and the group’s capitalization was RON 12.3 billion (EUR 2.6 billion), the highest level reaches since the bank’s listing, in 1997. 
Since the beginning of this year, the bank’s shares have brought investors a total yield of 35%, dividends included, and, since the stock market’s low in January, after the Government’s controversial greed tax, the total return is 70%, Ziarul Financiar has calculated. 
Banca Transilvania is the most traded share on the Bucharest Stock Exchange and has the highest share in the main index – BET, namely 20.75%. 
About half of the bank’s shares are held by local investors, including investment funds, pension funds and individuals, and half are held by foreign investors, the most notable of whom are the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), and the International Finance Corporation (IFC) – the World Bank’s investment arm. 
The German 30 stock index (DAX 30) has been on the rise since the day it dropped to a two-year low of 10,276 and is now set to register its third weekly gain slightly above the 20-day simple moving average. 
The short-term bias looks currently neutral to bullish as the RSI moves along the 50 line and the MACD keeps strengthening above its red signal line and towards zero. 
On the upside, the bulls could push to break the 11,000 support-turned-resistance level which they failed to overcome earlier this week, while higher and above the 50-day MA, the index could test the 11,400 barrier, identified by the lows on October 11. 
Yet buying orders could only significantly increase if the market manages to surpass the 11,690 mark, violating the previous high of the eight-month old downtrend. 
Should the index reverse south, immediate support could be found around 10,785 where the price paused recently. 
Under that obstacle, the trough on December 10 at 10,583 may attract attention before all eyes turn to the 10,276 bottom. 
Any step below the latter could trigger steeper declines, opening the way towards 10,000. 
In the bigger picture, the index is trading increasingly bearish, printing lower highs and lower lows, with the falling 50-day MA erasing any hopes for a quick recovery. 
TEL AVIV, Dec 17 (Reuters) - The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE) said on Tuesday it is considering a new plan to try to enhance liquidity and improve transparency to try to attract more ordinary investors. 
The plan would impose restrictions on off-exchange transactions and provide an incentive programme for market making in shares in the Tel Aviv 35 index, similar to those available in leading exchanges worldwide. 
TASE, which went public in August, has lost 40% of investors since 2010. 
With 447 traded companies at a market value of $215 billion, the exchange has been struggling with delistings and declining trading volumes. 
In 2019, nearly 23% of the total volume of securities trading on TASE derived from transactions entered into off the exchange - some 80,000 a year, averaging 800,000 shekels ($231,000) per transaction. 
TASE is considering imposing a real-time reporting obligation on all transactions and permitting such transactions only for securities defined as “illiquid”. 
TASE is also considering improving liquidity by encouraging market-making in major shares through incentives to stock exchange members that meet certain criteria. 
The programme would be assessed over the course of a year. 
To date, there is virtually no market-making in major shares in Israel. 
Exchanges such as Euronext, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Swiss Stock Exchange, the Korean Stock Exchange and more operate incentive programs for market-makers. 
($1 = 3.4684 shekels) 
Sebi says an index used for equity ETFs or index funds should have at least 10 stocks as its constituents 
New Delhi: To help mitigate portfolio concentration risks in equity exchange traded funds (ETFs) and index funds, capital market regulator Sebi on Thursday asked fund houses to have a wider basket of stocks while keeping in check the weightage of top stocks of the index. 
In a circular issued to all mutual funds and asset management companies, Sebi said an index used for equity ETFs or index funds should have at least 10 stocks as its constituents. 
For a sectoral or thematic index, no single stock can have more than 35% weight in the index, while this cap would be 25% for other indices. 
Besides, the cumulative weightage of top three constituents of the index cannot be more than 65%, Sebi said. 
The regulator further said the individual constituent of the index should have a trading frequency of at least 80% and an average impact cost of 1% or less over previous six months. 
The funds would need to evaluate and ensure compliance to these norms at the end of every calendar quarter and make public on their website the updated constituents of the indices at all points of time. 
The issuers of all existing equity ETFs and Index Funds would need to comply with the new norms within three months. 
After a 57.4% gain in Q1, the Global Cannabis Stock Index moved sharply lower again in October, its seventh consecutive monthly decline, as it lost 11.2% to 47.29: 
The index, which had 44 qualifying members during the month following the quarterly rebalancing at the end of September, declined 54.9% in 2018 and has now lost 26.1% as of the end of October: 
The decline left the index at levels not seen in over three years and down more than 73% from its early 2018 high: 
4 names gained more than 20% during October: 
KushCo Holdings (OTC: KSHB): +34.5% 
Trulieve (CSE: TRUL) (OTC: TCNNF): +24.3% 
MediPharm Labs (TSX: LABS) (OTC: MEDIF): +23.1% 
CV Sciences (OTC: CVSI): +20.3% 
KushCo and CV Sciences had been among the worst performers in September and recovered some of their losses in October. 
Investors appear to be showing greater appreciation for the strong balance sheets, profitable business and positive cash flow generation from Trulieve and MediPharm Labs, both of which, along with KushCo and CV Sciences, will be reporting financials this month. 
4 names fell by more than 39% during October: 
Green Organic Dutchman (TSX: TGOD) (OTC: TGODF): -51.0% HEXO Corp (TSX: HEXO) (NYSE: HEXO): -45.7% PharmaCielo (TSXV: PCLO) (OTC: PHCEF): -45.5% Supreme Cannabis (TSX: FIRE) (OTC: SPRWF): -39.7% Green Organic Dutchman slowed down its expansion due its inability to raise debt capital on favorable terms. 
HEXO Corp missed its revenue guidance for its fiscal Q4 as it generated a tremendous operating loss and withdrew its previous guidance for FY20 revenue. 
PharmaCielo was one of the best performers in September. 
Supreme Cannabis moved to multi-year lows as its founder, John Fowler, departed. 
We have also published separate reviews of the performance of the Canadian LP Index and the American Cannabis Operators Index: 
Canadian Cannabis Licensed Producer Index Suffers 18.2% Loss in October 
American Cannabis Operator Index Declines 6.1% in October 
After some unusually warm weather in metro Detroit, prepare to be smacked back to winter reality. 
High temperatures will drop to the mid-20s Wednesday and stay there through the rest of the work week, said Alex Manion, a National Weather Service meteorologist in White Lake Township. 
It's a big change from Monday's and Tuesday's highs in the low 50s — about 20 degrees warmer than normal for this time of year. 
Manion said there's also a chance of snow showers during the day Wednesday, but not enough to cause significant accumulation. 
Thermometers will creep back up this weekend. 
"Once we cool down, we'll stay cold for a few days, then warm back up for around normal — or slightly warmer than normal — but the trend looks like we're getting back into the normal swing of things," Joe Clark, a National Weather Service meteorologist, said. 
Weekend high temperatures are expected to be in the low 30s, with lows in the upper teens to low 20s. 
Winter has been far harsher in parts of the Upper Peninsula, where a storm has already dropped more than a foot of snow, leading to hazardous driving conditions and school closings. 
The largest snowfall totals Monday were observed in the central and eastern U.P. and across the tip of the Keweenaw Peninsula, the National Weather Service reported. 
The harsh weather conditions, including blowing snow, forced Lake Superior State University's main campus in Sault Ste. 
Marie to close Tuesday. 
The university said it plans to reopen Wednesday. 
Another round of morning fog. 
DENVER — Colorado remains on the edge of some chilly air over the Midwest. 
Some of this cold, moist air is again helping to produce some areas of fog across the eastern plains and parts of the Denver Metro area. 
Be aware that visibility may be limited in fog through early morning - especially north and east of Denver. 
A weak storm system will spread a little snow over the mountains this afternoon and evening. 
Denver and the Front Range will be slightly cooler with highs in the low to mid-40s, but no snow. 
Milder weather will return for Thursday with mostly sunny to partly cloudy skies and highs back in the mid-50s for Denver and the plains. 
A change in the weather pattern will begin on Friday as a cold front slides southward from Canada. 
The morning will be dry, but some snow showers will develop in the afternoon. 
Colder temperatures and snow will be possible for the mountains and the Denver area for the weekend. 
The trend continue toward much colder temperatures. 
Highs will be in the 30s on Saturday, but just in the teens to low 20s on Sunday. 
The mountains can expect 6 to 12 inches of snow over the weekend into Monday. 
Denver and the eastern plains may pick up a few inches of snow Saturday afternoon through Sunday morning. 
Cold conditions will continue into early next week. 
San Francisco is set to have a cool and cloudy Memorial Day weekend, with a touch of rain in the mix, according to drone-powered weather forecasting service Saildrone. 
The highest chance of rain is forecast on Sunday, at 39 percent. 
Today's projected high of 64 degrees will be the highest the mercury goes until the middle of next week. 
Temperatures are predicted to hover around the 60-degree mark over the next four days, before warming up a bit on Tuesday and Wednesday, when they're projected to hit highs of 65 and 68, respectively. 
Skies will be mostly cloudy for the next few days. 
Winds will remain somewhat calm over the course of the next week, with the highest speeds projected for tomorrow, at only 10 mph. 
The Met Office has forecast temperatures up to 11C above average for parts of the UK  this Valentine's Day. 
WEATHER forecasters have said that while Brits may have got off to a frosty start this Valentine’s Day, the sun will be sweeping in, sending temperatures across the UK soaring this afternoon. 
An “African plume” is set to send the mercury shooting up to 17C today, making many places in  Britain hotter than Malibu - just in time for Valentine's Day. 
Scotland will see its warmest Valentine’s Day for 21 years, with the Met Office forecasting 16C in northern areas – 11C above average. 
Met Office meteorologist Steven Keates said a “mild southern airflow from Iberia or further south than that” will cause temperatures to soar. 
He said: “Some of us could reach 15C or 16C, really quite exceptional for this time of year.” 
Mr Keates said the UK would wake up to a frosty morning and the fog could take until mid-late morning to clear across England and Wales. 
But a lot of sunshine is expected to develop. 
The meteorologist added: “Here we could see some exceptionally high temperatures for the time of year - 15C or 16C certainly not out of the question.” 
The central belt meanwhile will be pushed up to 13C. 
A weather map shows hot air blowing 2,000 miles from Africa to the UK. 
Ladbrokes cut odds on the hottest February 14 ever – beating the 19.1C record – to 2/1. 
Ladbrokes spokesman Alex Apati said: “Brits are getting really hot under the collar this Valentine’s Day.” 
Scotland will be hotter than the 14C measured in Malibu Beach, California, and romantic cities including 13C Paris and 8C Venice. 
Balmy highs and sunny spells are forecast to continue into next week as the 10-day warm spell continues. 
Rain maps also suggest rain is unlikely to dampen anyone's romantic evening. 
RICHMOND, Va. (WWBT) - Beautiful summer weather will slowly be replaced by more typical summer heat later this weekend 
TONIGHT: Evening clouds clear out. 
Comfortably cool. 
Lows near 64 
FRIDAY: Sunny with low humidity continuing. 
Lows in the mid 60s, highs in the upper 80s. 
SATURDAY: Sunny. 
Lows in the upper 60s, highs in the upper 80s. 
SUNDAY: Sunny, hotter and more humid. 
Lows in the upper 60s, highs around 90 
MONDAY: Sunny. 
Lows near 70, highs in the low 90s. 
TUESDAY: Mostly sunny. 
Lows near 70, highs in the low 90s. 
WEDNESDAY: Partly sunny, chance of late day storms. 
Lows lower 70s, highs near 90. 
(Rain chance: 40%) 
THURSDAY: Partly sunny and cooler chance of showers. 
Lows upper 60s, highs mid 80s (Rain Chance 50%) 
Thursday's winds will calm down a little. 
While Friday is still expected to be breezy, the National Weather Service predicts that the wind will be nothing like Thursday. 
Look out for gusts up to 20 or 30 miles per hour, and high temperatures nearing 60 degrees. 
You’ll see dry and partly sunny skies, with some cumulus clouds during the day. 
Those winds will calm down at night, and with clear evening skies, temperatures are expected to dip into the upper 30’s and lower 40’s in downtown Boston. 
Outside of the city, temperatures will be in the lower to middle 30’s. 
In the east it will be cloudy, with limited bright spells, these most likely across south eastern areas. 
Showers will clear from most places later this afternoon. 
Chilly south east wind everywhere, strong along the coast. 
Maximum temperature 11°C. 
In the west there will be heavy showers with a risk of hail and thunder. 
The rest of the day will see further heavy and persistent rain spreading across the region. 
It will often be breezy. 
Maximum temperature 9°C. 
The weather is set to be a mixed bag today, with a mixture of cloud, sunny spells and heavy rain. 
Strong winds will hit this evening as Storm Gareth sweeps the UK, with a Met Office yellow weather warning for wind in place from 9pm tonight until 3pm on Wednesday. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Preston? 
This morning will see heavy rain throughout the morning. 
The temperature will reach 6C by 12pm. 
Overnight Tuesday Night: Turning sticky. 
Lows in the 70s, 60s north. 
Wednesday: Sultry with sun & clouds to rounds of PM thunder. 
Highs around 90, heat index mid 90s. 
The weather is set to be dull today, as forecasters predict rain and cloud throughout the day. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Leeds? 
This morning is set to see light rain throughout most of the morning. 
The temperature will reach 6C by 12pm. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Leeds? 
This afternoon will be overcast throughout, but light rain is set to return from 4pm onwards. 
The temperature will climb, reaching its peak of 9C by 4pm. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Leeds? 
Light rain will continue throughout the evening. 
The temperature will dip to 8C by 10pm. 
Overnight temperature of 6C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Leeds? 
Tomorrow is then set to see sunny intervals during the morning, changing to light showers by lunchtime. 
Maximum temperature of 13C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Leeds? 
The Met Office UK outlook for Tuesday 14 May to Thursday 23 May said: “High pressure will dominate the weather across the UK into next week, which will give predominately fine, dry and settled weather with plenty of sunshine and light winds. 
“However, with clear skies and light winds overnight it will turn chilly with the risk of patchy rural frost, also some isolated mist and fog patches.” 
A Freeze Watch will be in effect from late Wednesday night to Thursday morning 
This cold and wet weather will be best suited for indoor activities the next few days. 
Rain will prevail for much of Tuesday with steady showers setting in during the afternoon and evening. 
The rain will extend into Wednesday as well. 
Because of how cool it will be both days (temperatures in the 40s and 50s), severe weather is not expected. 
A few thunderstorms will likely develop, but they will stay below severe limits. 
With a reinforcement of cold air late Wednesday, the concern shifts to an early season freeze - the first of the season. 
A Freeze Watch will be in effect from late Wednesday night to Thursday morning. 
The Halloween forecast will be cold in the morning with temperatures starting close to freezing. 
A northwest wind will blow between 10 and 20 mph for most of the day, but should begin to diminish as we get to trick-or-treating hours. 
Temperatures will be in the upper 40s for the start of trick-or-treating and will drop to the lower 40s by the time it wraps up. 
Wind chill values will mostly be in the upper 30s to lower 40s. 
The rest of the week will be sunny but cool. 
Slightly warmer weather returns by the weekend. 
While the Lower Mainland saw some dreary weather last week, the Metro Vancouver weather forecast calls for toasty temperatures in the coming days. 
Environment Canada calls for a 30 per cent chance of showers June 10. 
However, skies are expected to clear overnight and Tuesday’s forecast calls for clear, sunny skies and soaring temperatures. 
In fact, the forecast calls for temperatures to reach 29 C inland, with a humidex of 31 C. Temperatures will reach 24 C closer to the water but will feel more like 27 C. 
The forecast also calls for the soaring temperatures to continue into Wednesday, with temperatures as high as 31 C inland and 26 C by the water. 
Thursday is also expected to be warm with clear skies, and the mild temperatures are expected to continue through the weekend. 
On Thursday, May 9 15 weather records were broken across the province and Squamish reached a sizzling high of 29.5 C. On the following day, Friday, May 10, a whopping 26 weather records were broken across B.C. and Pitt Meadows reached a toasty high of 29.3 C. 
As such, the department expects that the province will see above average temperatures this summer. 
ORLANDO, Fla. 
— The remnants of Nestor continue to quickly move into the Carolinas tonight, with scattered showers continuing to decrease. 
The activity will slowly fade overnight tonight, with lows in the low 70s. 
Only very isolated showers in area for Sunday 
Scattered showers and storms Monday and Tuesday 
We’ll close the weekend with much better weather. 
Drier air behind Nestor will punch into the area, resulting in a blend of sun and clouds. 
Just a few very isolated showers are expected, and most will stay dry. 
Highs for Sunday will be back in the mid to upper 80s. 
Rain chances will quickly return to start next week. 
Another cold front will begin to approach the area, bringing scattered showers and a few storms both Monday and Tuesday. 
Highs to start the week will be in the mid to upper 80s. 
The front will move through on Wednesday, resulting in more sunshine and cooler temperatures. 
Highs for Wednesday will be in the low 80s. 
Our frontal boundary now looks to move back into the area to close the week, which will result in the return of higher rain chances. 
Temperatures to close the week will be in the mid 80s. 
The final advisory has been issued on Nestor, which quickly is moving toward the Carolinas. 
Elsewhere, no major activity is expected over the next five days. 
Atlantic hurricane season runs through November 30. 
Boaters will find just a few isolated showers Sunday, with westerly winds and Atlantic seas at 2 to 4 feet. 
The rip current threat is moderate for Sunday. 
ORLANDO, Fla. 
— Under plenty of sunshine, temperatures quickly warmed into the mid to upper 80s all over Central Florida. 
High pressure remains in control this weekend, so expect much of the same Saturday and Sunday. 
The only difference will be that temperature will climb a degree or two higher and we’ll see a small chance for showers Sunday. 
Overall though, a quiet and sunny weekend. 
Mostly clear skies are in the forecast through the overnight hours. 
Temperatures will be comfortable, falling into the mid to low 60s. 
Saturday will hold sunny skies as temperatures climb into the upper 80s to low 90s. 
Pretty close to the average for May, which is 89 degrees. 
Easterly wind will push enough moisture in that it will be humid, but no rain is expected. 
A slight increase in moisture Sunday may spark a few showers during the afternoon as the east coast sea breeze moves west. 
This chance is slim. 
Next week stay mainly dry with temperatures around 90 degrees. 
We are two weeks away from hurricane season, and while there are no issues at this time, we will be watching a low south of Bermuda early next week. 
This low has a small chance to become tropical or sub-tropical as it moves north-northeast away from the United States. 
The official hurricane season runs from June 1st through November 30th. 
It will be a bit breezy as well so watch for a slight chop on the water. 
Nasty rain, t'storms, high winds, some snow in an active forecast with a 24-hour spring in the upcoming week. 
A wind-driven sheets of icy-cold rain is overspreading the area after some patchy freezing drizzle & drizzle early this morning. 
Thunder is possible. 
Severe weather is occurring along & south of the warm front. 
We will be in advisory criteria this evening-tonight & into Sunday. 
Rain will peak in intensity late afternoon-evening with even a few embedded t'storms. 
Now-6 a.m. Sunday: 
Two surges of 40-50 mph gusts are likely evening-tonight & into part of tomorrow. 
A couple/few isolated +50 mph gusts cannot be ruled out. 
Worst of the wind Sunday will be early part of the day, but the entire day will be windy overall. 
Total rainfall of 0.60-1.20" is likely with isolated +1.20" amounts. 
After a 30s to 40s day, we should see 50-53 this evening, then 30s by tomorrow morning-tomorrow. 
A few flakes & sprinkles are possible or parts of the area. 
Skies tomorrow look mostly cloudy to cloudy, followed by some later clearing. 
20s are likely tomorrow night as winds gradually decrease, but it will still be breezy. 
After 30s, 40s Monday-Tuesday, 58-65 is likely Wednesday-Thursday (falling temperatures later Thursday) with a round or two of showers & t'storms. 
It will be a 24-hour burp of spring because flurries & some snow showers will return Friday-Saturday with highs only in the 30s. 
EDMONTON -- It'll feel more "wintry" than it has in a while today. 
But, this won't last and we're still expecting to be a handful of degrees above zero Thursday afternoon (Halloween). 
Wind kicked up and temps started dropping late Sunday as an arctic cold front slammed through. 
We'll continue to see some scattered flurries behind that front this morning. 
But, no heavy accumulation is expected in the Edmonton area. 
There's a dusting out there this morning and we won't add much to that dusting today. 
Wind chills will be in the -12 to -18 range in Central and North-Central AB today. 
Actual temperatures in the -4 to -7 range this afternoon. 
But, the wind is expected to stay 20-30 km/h (with occasional gusts) through the afternoon before tapering off this evening. 
Calmer, sunny and cool Tuesday with morning temperatures in the -10 to -15 range. 
Afternoon Highs in the 0 the -5 range in North-Central AB Tuesday. 
Warmer air returns for Wed/Thu/Fri/Sat with afternoon highs in the 4 to 8 degree range. 
Here's the forecast for Edmonton: 
Today – Cloudy with a few flurries in the area this morning. 
Sunny breaks this afternoon. 
Wind: NW 20-30 km/h. 
Wind chill near -15 much of the day. 
High:  -5 
Evening – Clearing overnight. 
Wind easing. 
9pm:  -8 
Tuesday - Sunny with a few clouds. 
Light wind. 
Morning Low:  -12 
Afternoon High:  -2 
Wednesday - Partly cloudy. 
Morning Low:  -8 
Afternoon High:  5 
Thursday (Halloween) - Partly cloudy 
Morning Low:  -1 
Afternoon High:  6 
Friday - Partly cloudy. 
Morning Low:  -3 
Afternoon High:  6 
Saturday - Mostly cloudy. 
40% chance of showers. 
Morning Low:  0 
Afternoon High:  7 
Northeast Ohio weekend forecast 
CLEVELAND, Ohio - The weekend should start out relatively calm across Northeast Ohio, but the area will see some additional snow and much colder temperatures by Sunday. 
The National Weather Service predicts partly sunny skies on Friday with highs in the upper 30s. 
A chance of snow returns overnight Friday and should continue through Sunday. 
Highs Saturday will again reach the middle 30s while Sunday will only see highs in the 20s with lows in the teens as an arctic front visits the area. 
Looking ahead to next week 
Monday: Sunny with a high in the upper teens 
Tuesday: Cold with a chance of snow showers 
Philadelphia is entering the most dangerous phase of a period of extreme heat that started Wednesday. 
The weather in Leeds is set to be a mixed bag on Tuesday 27 August, with bright skies and rain. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Leeds? 
This morning will see bright sunshine throughout. 
The temperature will reach 23C by 12pm. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Leeds? 
Early afternoon will see bright sunshine continue, before cloud creeps in from 4pm onwards. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 27C by 4pm. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Leeds? 
This evening will see light rain hit from 6pm onwards, easing off by around 9pm. 
Overnight temperature of 16C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Leeds? 
Tomorrow is then set to see rain and cloud throughout the day. 
Maximum temperature of 20C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Leeds? 
The Met Office UK outlook for Saturday 31 August to Monday 9 September said: “It will be unsettled this weekend. 
“On Saturday, rain will gradually clear the southeast through the day, with sunshine and showers for much of the country. 
The showers will be heaviest in the north and west, with the risk of hail and thunder. 
“Gales will be possible in the far northwest and it will feel cool for the time of year. 
“The south will become drier on Monday but for the start of September, it will probably be fairly unsettled nationwide.” 
Highs in the low 80s. 
Happy Sunday, Motown! 
Good hair-days are back, at least for the first couple of days this week. 
The humidity is down, the sun reappears and it remains warm. 
Sunday morning will be cloudy with rain before and during breakfast time, but cooler than previous mornings. 
Temps start in the 60s, and families will have to be careful on wet roads while going to and from early morning services and activities. 
Sunrise is at 6:04 a.m. ET. 
Clouds break and depart later in the morning with clearer skies by lunchtime. 
It becomes warmer, midday, with temps in the middle and upper 70s. 
By the time the Tigers-Red Sox baseball game is in full swing Sunday afternoon, it will be mostly sunny, warm and pleasant with highs in the low 80s. 
First pitch at Comerica Park is at 1:10 p.m. ET. 
Sunday evening will be clear and mild. 
Temps will be in the 70s. 
Sunset is at 9:12 p.m. ET. 
Sunday night will be clear and cool. 
Mercury and Mars can be seen in the north-northwestern sky one hour after sunset. 
Monday and Tuesday will have abundant sunshine, and it will feel great. 
Afternoon temps in the low 80s, Monday, and in the mid 80s, Tuesday. 
Wednesday will be hotter and more muggy with a chance of late-afternoon and evening showers. 
Highs will be near 90 degrees. 
Thursday will have showers, early, then skies slowly clear by the afternoon. 
Not as hot with highs in the low 80s. 
Most of North Jersey will see heavy rain and winds Wednesday into Thursday, with some areas under a flash flood watch, the National Weather Service said. 
Expected rainfall Wednesday into Thursday, which is estimated to be 2 to 3 inches in Paramus down to Morristown, has caused a flash flood watch in Bergen, Passaic and Essex counties from 4 p.m. Wednesday to 4 a.m. Thursday, said John Murray, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service. 
The rain is set to start at 2 p.m. and taper off overnight into Thursday, Murray said. 
North Jersey could also see wind gusts up to 40 mph over the next 24 hours, he said. 
Starting Wednesday afternoon, wind gusts will reach 25-30 mph in addition to the rain, Murray said. 
Later in the evening, the gusts will increase to a 30-35 mph and will top out at 40 mph overnight into Thursday. 
Thursday will still see gusts up to 40 mph but it will be a much drier day, with rain dissipating in the early morning hours. 
Snow is expected to blanket vast swathes of the UK early this week as a BBC weather forecast warns viewers of a dramatic plunge in temperatures as the year kicks off. 
THE UK is forecast to be hit by a freezing 'Polar vortex' weather front - with gale-force arctic winds bringing misery to millions in the North. 
Snow is expected to blanket vast swathes of the UK early this week as a BBC forecast warns viewers of a dramatic plunge in temperatures as the year kicks off. 
Last night the mercury dropped to -6.3C in Balmoral, Aberdeenshire, and the cold snap will continue over the weekend. 
Freezing and bitter wind chills will make it feel like -10C in some parts of the country next week. 
The coldest night of the winter so far was experienced in Scotland on Wednesday into Thursday, with Braemar in Aberdeenshire reaching -10.5C. 
But powerful winds could replicate a similar chill in a few days as the Met Office issued yellow weather warnings for Monday and Tuesday. 
BBC meteorologist Louise Lear told viewers: "We will have highs of 11C this weekend but you can see this area of low pressure moving in from the north. 
“The winds will start to really pick up in the north on Monday. 
“This will see heavy rain and gale-force gusts of winds through Scotland and Northern Ireland before settling into England. 
Metereologist Simon Partridge told The Sun Online: "Temperatures could well be feeling closer -10C because of the wind chill effect but the temperature on your thermometers won’t actually be that low." 
And there may be worse to come following the polar vortex break-up, known as Sudden Stratospheric Warming, which could lead to another Beast from the East sweeping in from the second half of January. 
Meteorologist Becky Mitchell said this could bring in "very cold wind and significant snow". 
Forecasters say a winter-like storm with unseasonably cold temperatures could deliver 6 inches of snow to western South Dakota. 
RAPID CITY, S.D. (AP) — Forecasters say a winter-like storm with unseasonably cold temperatures could deliver 6 inches of snow to western South Dakota. 
A cold front moving in overnight Tuesday will bring slowly falling temperatures Wednesday. 
Precipitation is expected to change to all snow late Wednesday and could become heavy at times through Thursday. 
The National Weather Service issues a winter storm watch from Wednesday evening through Friday morning. 
The weather in Leeds is set to be a mixed bag today, as forecasters predict a mixture of heavy and light rain, sunny spells and cloud. 
However, temperatures are set to cool towards the end of the week, with light snow showers also set to hit. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Leeds? 
This morning will see light rain turn heavy at 9am, with a mixture of light and heavy showers continuing until early afternoon. 
The temperature will reach 7C by lunchtime. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Leeds? 
Rain will ease by 2pm, when there will then be a mixture of some sunny spells and cloud throughout the afternoon. 
The temperature will remain at 7C. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Leeds? 
This evening will become quickly dark, with the temperature dipping after 5pm. 
The temperature overnight will dip to 2C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Leeds? 
Tomorrow will see temperatures plummet, with a daytime temperature of 4C and an overnight temperature of -2C. 
Friday to Sunday will see a maximum temperature of 3C, with a minimum temperature of 0C. 
As temperatures cool during the weekend, the Met Office forecast “light snow” early Saturday morning from 6am. 
The rest of Saturday is then set to be cold throughout the day, with a maximum temperature of 3C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Leeds? 
Looking further ahead, the Met Office UK outlook for Sunday 20 Jan to Tuesday 29 Jan said: “Sunday will be cold across the UK, but for many it will be dry; brightest in the southeast. 
“Some light rain or sleet is possible in the southwest at first; then a band of rain, sleet and snow is likely to spread across the northwest later, moving erratically southeast. 
“Overnight frost and freezing fog patches are likely overnight into Monday. Cold weather is likely to continue through mid-week.” 
This Evening and Tonight: Some clear spells, but also bands of rain or showers moving east, most persistent over parts of western Scotland and later Wales. 
Windy with coastal gales in the west. 
Friday: Cloudy across central and southern areas with outbreaks of rain, heavy in places. 
Further north, sunny spells and showers, these merging into persistent rain at times in western Scotland. 
Windy. 
Outlook for Saturday to Monday: Mixture of drier interludes and further heavy rain and showers, persistent for a time over southern and western parts. 
Windy at times, especially near coasts. 
Temperatures around the seasonal norm. 
AS the rain eases off in the afternoon, a mixture of sunshine and showers will be left which may be heavy at times. 
Temperatures will be warmer than the last few days but remain cool. 
UK weather forecast for 7am on Friday June 14 
UK weather forecast for 4pm on Friday June 14 
UK outlook for Saturday June 15 to Monday June 17 
Weather conditions will remain unsettled into Monday with a mixture of sun and showers. 
Rain will be heavy and thundery in places. 
Temperatures will feel warmer than of late, especially in the east. 
UK outlook for Tuesday 18 to Thursday 27 June 
The second half of June is likely to become drier after an unsettled beginning. 
Next week will remain showery but with warmer temperatures and sunny intervals. 
Southern areas may experience very warm temperatures although they may bring a chance of thundery rain. 
The final week of June is looking likely to bring high pressures which will give a greater chance of warmer weather. 
UK surface pressure forecast for 12pm Friday 
Forecasters say there will be plenty of dry, sunny weather, but temperatures will be "noticeably cooler". 
A blast of Arctic air will put spring on hold in the UK, forecasters are warning. 
Temperatures peaked at 18C (64F) in Marham, Norfolk, on Monday - but as the week progresses they are likely to dip below average for the time of year, bringing frosts overnight. 
Met Officer forecaster Bonnie Diamond said: "After what was a generally mild weekend and today being warm in some parts, the temperatures are just going to take a tumble again." 
Cloud and frequent showers will move over the South and South West on Tuesday. 
Ms Diamond said: "It is going to feel much cooler than what today will feel. 
"Because it's from an Arctic source, it's going to introduce cooler temperatures to the country as we go through Tuesday and into Wednesday." 
Temperatures on Tuesday will reach no higher than 12C or 13C (53-55F), which is around average for this time of year. 
"But by the time we get to Wednesday, temperatures are going to be quite cool, especially in the North and eastern parts of the UK," Ms Diamond said. 
"And possibly even below average for the time of year, with some places seeing temperatures in the single figures by day." 
The forecaster said there would be plenty of dry, sunny weather, but temperatures would be "noticeably cooler". 
Wednesday will see highs of 9C (48F) in Scotland and 11C (51F) in Newcastle. 
Ms Diamond said clear skies at night would result in a widespread frost from Wednesday. 
The weather in Preston is set to be dull on Wednesday 14 August, with rain and overcast conditions throughout the day. 
What will the weather be like this morning in Preston? 
This morning will see heavy rain throughout. 
The temperature will reach 15C by 12pm. 
What will the weather be like this afternoon in Preston? 
Heavy rain will continue throughout the afternoon. 
The temperature will reach its peak of 16C by 4pm. 
What will the weather be like this evening and tonight in Preston? 
Early evening will see rain turn lighter, easing off completely by around 6pm and remaining dry throughout the rest of the evening. 
Overnight temperature of 15C. 
What will the weather be like tomorrow in Preston? 
Tomorrow is then set to see light showers during the morning, with bright sunshine throughout the afternoon. 
Maximum temperature of 17C. 
What is the long-term forecast for Preston? 
The Met Office UK outlook for Sunday 18 August to Tuesday 27 August said: “The unsettled theme looks set to continue this weekend, with low pressure systems affecting the UK. 
“Sunshine and showers will be likely for many on Sunday, with the risk of thunderstorms and coastal gales. 
Into next week, there will be brighter and showery interludes across the UK. 
“It will be windy too, with gales at times, especially in the north and west at first.” 
EUGENE, Ore. 
- Fall has officially arrived in Western Oregon - and winter might not be that far behind. 
The Autumnal Equinox on September 23 marks the first day of fall. 
But the meteorological fall started back on the first of the month, and the weather didn't disappoint: Our soggy September has produced temperatures and rainfall more in line with fall than late summer in Western Oregon. 
Forecasts call for pleasant temperatures and mostly sunny through the middle of the week. 
The National Weather Service in Portland anticipates an Alaskan cold front will push down toward the Pacific Northwest as early as Thursday. 
"This will be the beginning of a major pattern shift back toward colder and showery weather for the end of the week and the upcoming weekend," the National Weather Service said. 
"The details regarding which days will be wetter versus which days will be drier remain up for debate between models, but the best chance for significant rainfall appears to be Friday night into Saturday as the main upper trough axis swings onshore." 
As of Monday, the forecast highs for Eugene for Friday through Sunday are hovering around 60 F. 
That means the temperature will be colder at higher elevations - "likely cool enough for snow down to Government Camp and the Cascade passes," forecasters said Monday. 
"At this point, it appears doubtful the combination of moisture and cold will exist to necessitate Winter Weather Advisories, but anyone with plans to head to the Cascades Fri-Sun should be aware that snowy weather will be possible above 4000 feet or so in elevation." 
Een jongetje van 3 jaar oud raakte op vrijdag 13 maart bij een verkeersongeval op de Astorias ernstig gewond aan het hoofd en werd door familie met spoed overgebracht naar het ziekenhuis. 
Later in de avond overleed het jongetje als gevolg van zijn verwondingen. 
Na het incident werd de politie in kennis gesteld die onmiddellijk een onderzoek instelde. 
Het voertuig, betrokken bij de aanrijding en bestuurd door een familielid van het kind, is door de politie in beslag genomen voor verder onderzoek. 
Een kleuter die vrijdagavond rond zes uur werd aangereden door een auto in de straat Astorias in Vught, is overleden aan zijn verwondingen. 
Een familielid van het jongetje zat achter het stuur. 
Het gaat om een kind van drie of vier jaar oud. 
De familie bracht de jongen na het ongeluk zelf naar het ziekenhuis. 
Daar is het kindje overleden aan zijn verwondingen. 
Hoe het ongeluk heeft kunnen gebeuren, is nog niet duidelijk. 
Vrijdagavond heeft de politie onderzoek gedaan in Vught en in het Jeroen Bosch Ziekenhuis in Den Bosch waar de kleuter naartoe werd gebracht. 
Het is nog niet duidelijk wat er precies is gebeurd. 
De auto is in beslag genomen voor onderzoek. 
Volgens meerdere bronnen zou de vader van de jongen de wagen hebben bestuurd tijdens het ongeluk. 
Door een ernstig ongeval op de A1 ter hoogte van Hoevelaken is woensdagavond een 79-jarige vrouw uit Hoevelaken om het leven gekomen. 
Vermoedelijk had het slachtoffer pech gekregen op de A1 richting Barneveld en wilde de rijbaan oversteken naar de benzinepomp aan de andere kant van de weg richting Amersfoort. 
Vervolgens werd zij aangereden door een auto en daarop meerdere keren overreden door andere automobilisten en een vrachtwagen. 
Bij een zware aanrijding op de Weimarstraat is aan het begin van de avond een 40-jarige fietser om het leven gekomen. 
Deze werd geschept door een auto. 
Het gedrag van de 33-jarige bestuurder zal nader worden onderzocht. 
Ondanks de inspanningen van de medische hulpverlerners is het slachtoffer ter plaatse overleden. 
De VOA heeft ter plaatse de sporen van de aanrijding vastgelegd. 
De Weimarstraat is tot laat in de avond afgesloten geweest ten behoeve van het onderzoek. 
Twee personen, van 32 en 43 jaar van Poolse nationaliteit, zijn tijdens een auto-ongeluk op de Vogelaardreef in Noordwijk om het leven gekomen. 
Rond 18.00 uur kreeg de politie de melding dat er een verkeersongeval had plaatsgevonden. 
Drie personen zouden nog in de auto zitten, een vierde persoon was uit de auto gehaald door omstanders die te hulp waren geschoten. 
Toen de politie ter plaatse kwam was ook een tweede persoon door omstanders uit de auto gehaald. 
Twee anderen bleken nog bekneld in de auto te zitten. 
Beiden slachtoffers bleken geen hartslag meer te hebben en zijn ter plaatse overleden. 
De twee andere inzittenden, een man van 26 jaar en van 35 jaar eveneens van Poolse nationaliteit, zijn per ambulance naar het ziekenhuis gebracht. 
De verkeersdienst van de politie heeft op de plaats van het ongeval onderzoek gedaan naar de oorzaak. 
De bestuurder van de auto is, door nog onbekende reden tijdens het inhalen van een tractor, de macht over het stuur verloren en is in de boskant van de Vogelaardreef terecht gekomen. 
De auto is vervolgens half op zijn zijkant, half op de kop tegen een boom tot stilstand gekomen. 
Toegesnelde getuigen hebben de auto op zijn wielen gezet voordat de hulpverleningsdiensten ter plaatse kwamen. 
De politie heeft van de getuigen, waaronder de tractorbestuurder een verklaring opgenomen en zet het onderzoek naar de oorzaak voort. 
De Vogelaardreef is korte tijd afgesloten geweest. 
Op de Nieuweweg in Den Helder is in de nacht van vrijdag op zaterdag een 24-jarige man uit Den Helder overleden. 
De bestuurder van de auto waarin het slachtoffer zat verloor door onbekende oorzaak de macht over het stuur. 
Zijn auto raakte in de slip en kwam eerst tegen een lantaarnpaal terecht en vervolgens tegen een boom. 
De 24-jarige bestuurder van de auto, eveneens uit Den Helder, kwam met de schrik vrij. 
Zijn passagier moest echter door de brandweer uit het voertuig worden gehaald. 
Hij overleed korte tijd later aan zijn verwondingen. 
De bestuurder werd met hoofd-, rib en schouderletsel per ambulance overgebracht naar het MCA in Alkmaar. 
De Poolse man en vrouw die gisteravond op de A10 Zuid werden aangereden, zijn beiden 24 jaar. 
De vrouw overleed ter plekke, de man werd in kritieke toestand naar een ziekenhuis gebracht. 
Hij is geopereerd en is inmiddels aanspreekbaar. 
Volgens de politie stapte de vrouw rond 23.00 uur op de vluchtstrook de auto uit nadat ze ruzie had gekregen. 
Vervolgens rende ze de snelweg over. 
De bestuurder rende achter haar aan om haar tegen te houden. 
De vrouw werd door twee auto's aangereden, de man door een auto. 
Er zaten in totaal vijf Polen in de auto. 
Volgens de politie was de vrouw waarschijnlijk onder invloed van alcohol. 
De politie zal de geopereerde man snel horen voor zijn kant van het verhaal. 
Bij een verkeersongeluk op de A10 Zuid ter hoogte van De Nieuwe Meer is zondagavond een vrouw overleden. 
Een ander slachtoffer is in kritieke toestand naar het ziekenhuis gebracht. 
Volgens een woordvoerder stapte de vrouw rond 23.00 uur op de vluchtstrook de auto uit nadat ze ruzie had gekregen. 
Bij een ernstig eenzijdig ongeval op de Ruiterweg in Darp is zaterdagnacht een 51-jarige bestuurder uit Diever overleden aan zijn verwondingen. 
De bijrijder raakte gewond. 
Even voor kwart over twee 's nachts hoorden omwonenden en feestgangers van het dorpsfeest een harde knal op de Ruiterweg. 
Nadat zij gingen kijken zagen zij een auto met paardentrailer die tegen een boom was gebotst waarna zij direct alarm sloegen. 
De twee slachtoffers konden snel uit het voertuig worden gehaald en worden behandeld in de ambulance, hierbij kregen zij later assistentie van het Mobiel Medisch Team die per auto aan kwam. 
De 23-jarige bijrijder kon al snel worden overgebracht naar het ziekenhuis, de bestuurder werd een tijd gereanimeerd maar dit mocht niet meer baten. 
Agenten van de Verkeersongevallen Analyse doen nader onderzoek naar de toedracht van het ongeval. 
Op zaterdagavond 11 maart is rond 21.00 uur een personenauto te water geraakt in het water langs de Havenstraat te Sliedrecht. 
De brandweer heeft met behulp van duikers de auto boven water gehaald en op de kade getild. 
Het slachtoffer is daarna uit de auto gehaald waarbij hij gereanimeerd werd en direct in zeer kritieke toestand vervoerd naar het Utrechts Medisch Centrum. 
Hij heeft geruime tijd in het water gelegen. 
Het gaat om een 51-jarige man uit Sliedrecht; hij is in het Utrechts Medisch Centrum in de loop van de avond overleden. 
Een 17-jarige scooteraar uit Deventer is gisteravond overleden nadat hij 's middags ernstig gewond was geraakt bij een verkeersongeval op de kruising Ceintuurbaan/ Lokersdijk. 
De jongen werd in bewusteloze en zeer kritieke toestand naar het ziekenhuis gebracht, waar hij enkele uren later overleed. 
Ook zijn 17-jarige duopassagier (ook uit Deventer) raakte gewond en werd in het ziekenhuis opgenomen. 
De snorfietser stak vanaf de Lokersdijk de Ceintuurbaan over om de Middelweg op te rijden. 
Hij werd daarbij aan de linkerzijde aangereden door een 20-jarige automobilist uit Deventer, die op de Ceintuurbaan reed en die hij in principe voorrang had moeten verlenen. 
Het is niet bekend of de automobilist te hard reed. 
Mogelijk door de klap of een schrikreactie reed de 20-jarige door en raakte daarbij de bomen van de spoorwegovergang verderop, bij huize Corel. 
De auto raakte geen trein en kwam even verderop tot stilstand. 
De politie benadrukt dat de 20-jarige na het ongeval niet is doorgereden en doet onderzoek naar de toedracht van het ongeval. 
Zaterdagmorgen vroeg om tien voor half zes ontving de Regionale Alarm Centrale een melding, dat er een auto in het water lag aan de Broeksingel in Driel. 
De brandweerploeg trof een auto, met brandende lampen, op de kop in het water aan. 
Direct gingen de brandweermensen het water in en bevestigden een kabel aan de auto en trokken deze op de kant. 
In de auto bevond zich nog de bestuurder. 
Het slachtoffer werd direct door ambulancepersoneel gereanimeerd en behandeld om verdere afkoeling te voorkomen. 
Helaas is het slachtoffer, een inwoner van Driel overleden. 
Iemand had vanaf de Broeksingel de auto in het water ontdekt en alarm geslagen. 
Het is niet duidelijk hoelang de auto toen al in het water lag. 
Doordat de personenauto op zijn kop lag in de drassige bodem, kon men niet in het voertuig komen en is de auto eerst op de kant getrokken. 
De bestuurder is door onbekende oorzaak mogelijk de macht over het stuur verloren en het water in gereden. 
De verkeersongevallen analysedienst van de politie doet onderzoek naar een mogelijke oorzaak en de technische staat van de personenauto. 
Een 33-jarige bestuurder uit het Gelderse Driel is zaterdagochtend overleden nadat hij het water was ingereden. 
De man was door onbekende oorzaak mogelijk de macht over het stuur verloren, vermoedt de politie. 
De auto lag op zijn kop in het water, waardoor de brandweer het voertuig eerst met een kabel op de kant moest trekken. 
De melding dat er een auto in het water lag aan de Broeksingel kwam rond 05.20 uur binnen. 
Nadat de auto uit het water was gehaald, werd het slachtoffer gereanimeerd door ambulancepersoneel, maar dat mocht niet meer baten. 
De politie onderzoekt wat er is gebeurd en of de auto technisch in orde was. 
Op de A12 richting Arnhem is dinsdag ter hoogte van Ede een verkeerschaos ontstaan na een dodelijk ongeluk. 
Op de A12 is tijdelijk maar één rijstrook beschikbaar, meldt de VerkeersInformatieDienst. 
Bij knooppunt Maanderbroek reed rond 16.15 uur een busje van het talud en kwam tegen een boom tot stilstand. 
De identiteit van het dodelijk slachtoffer kan een woordvoerder van de politie nog niet geven. 
Op het spoor in Borne is zaterdagnacht een man verongelukt nadat hij carnaval had gevierd. 
Het 39-jarige slachtoffer uit Borne is even voor middernacht geschept door de sneltrein richting Enschede. 
Dat gebeurde op de overgang in de Bornebroeksestraat. 
De politie vermoedt dat de man is gestruikeld en gaat uit van een ongeluk. 
Een 81-jarige fietser uit Piershil is vrijdag om het leven gekomen bij een aanrijding. 
Het ongeval gebeurde rond 12.15 uur op de Buitenom in Piershil ter hoogte van de kruising met de Oosthoek. 
De 81-jarige man stak daar bij een oversteekplaats over. 
Op de Buitenom vanuit de richting van Nieuw-Beijerland reed een auto. 
De 41-jarige bestuurster uit Oud-Beijerland zag de man te laat. 
Direct kwamen hulpverleners waaronder twee ambulances naar de plek van het ongeval. 
Een ambulance nam de man mee richting een ziekenhuis in Rotterdam. 
Alle hulp mocht niet meer baten. 
De automobiliste is meegenomen naar het bureau. 
Zij raakte niet gewond maar was volgens de politie wel bijzonder geschrokken. 
Donderdag vond een ernstig verkeersongeval plaats, waarbij drie mannen om het leven kwamen. 
Omstreeks 16.40 uur reed een 43-jarige man uit Maarssen over de Oostkanaaldijk. 
Hij kwam uit de richting Nigtevecht en reed in de richting van Loenen. 
Door nog onbekende oorzaak kwam hij op de weghelft terecht voor het tegemoetkomend verkeer. 
Daar reed een auto met drie inzittenden. 
Een aanrijding was het gevolg. 
De 34-jarige bestuurder en de 36-jarige inzittende, beide uit Weesp, kwamen om het leven. 
De andere inzittende, een 47-jarige man uit Weesp, werd uit de auto geslingerd en werd zwaar gewond vervoerd naar het AMC. 
De 43-jarige man uit Maarssen kwam ook bij het ongeval om het leven. 
De politie onderzoekt de oorzaak van het ongeval. 
Een 29-jarige inwoner van Langezwaag is vrijdagavond rond middernacht omgekomen bij een ongeval op de Spannenburgerdyk in Sint Nicolaasga. 
De man werd op de weg tussen Sint Nyk en Spannenburg net voor de afslag naar Idskenhuizen aangereden. 
Voor zover nu bekend stak het slachtoffer plotseling de weg, die verboden voor voetgangers is, over en werd vervolgens aangereden door een op dat moment passerende auto. 
De bestuurder van die auto, een 82-jarige inwoner van Woudsend, kon het slachtoffer niet meer ontwijken. 
Vanwege het ongeval kwamen diverse ambulances, politiewagens en een traumahelikopter ter plaatse. 
De man is met de traumahelikopter in zorgwekkende toestand naar het ziekenhuis in Groningen gebracht. 
Daar overleed de man later die nacht. 
De Verkeers Ongevallen Analyse (VOA) van de Politie Fryslân doet onderzoek naar de toedracht van het ongeval. 
De bestuurder van de auto kwam met de schrik vrij. 
Het 12-jarige meisje dat zaterdagmiddag rond 14:30 uur gewond raakte bij een ongeval met een brommobiel aan de Winkelweg in Zeewolde, is maandagavond overleden. 
Het meisje zat samen met haar 16-jarige zus in de brommobiel toen deze door onbekende oorzaak in het water terecht kwam. 
Het 12-jarige meisje raakte ernstig gewond en het 16-jarige meisje dat de brommobiel bestuurde liep onderkoelingsverschijnselen op. 
Het 12-jarige meisje overleed maandagavond aan haar verwondingen. 
Haar zus is inmiddels uit het ziekenhuis en is opgevangen door haar familie. 
Wat er die zaterdagmiddag precies is gebeurd en hoe het ongeval heeft kunnen gebeuren wordt nog door de politie onderzocht. 
Zondag omstreeks 15.25 uur vond op De Scheiding een ongeval plaats tussen twee personenauto's, waarbij één betrokkene om het leven kwam en vijf anderen gewond raakten. 
Een 24-jarfige man uit Ureterp reed in de richting van de A7. 
In een bocht raakte de bestuurder de macht over het voertuig kwijt, de achterkant van de auto brak uit en hij kwam dwars op de weg te staan. 
Op dat moment kwam uit tegenovergestelde richting een 40-jarige man uit Frieschepalen. 
Een aanrijding was het gevolg, waarbij de eerst genoemde auto tegen een verkeerspaal op een verkeersheuvel tot stilstand kwam. 
Door de klap werden de drie inzittenden van deze auto uit de auto geslingerd. 
Eén van hen, een 24-jarige man uit Ureterp, overleed daarbij. 
De bestuurder en de derde inzittende, een 27-jarige man uit Boornbergum raakten zwaar gewond en werden overgebracht naar het ziekenhuis in Groningen. . 
Ook de inzittenden van de andere auto, de bestuurder en zijn twee zoontjes van 8 en 6 jaar, raakten gewond. 
Met onbekend letsel zijn twee van hen overgebracht naar het ziekenhuis in Groningen en Drachten. 
Door het bureau ongevallenanalyse van de politie Fryslân wordt een onderzoek ingesteld naar de aanrijding. 
De naam van de overledene: Martijn Muskita, oud 24-jaar, gewoond hebbende te Ureterp. 
Bij een eenzijdige aanrijding op de A1 ter hoogte van Holten is zondagochtend vroeg een persoon om het leven gekomen. 
Het ongeval gebeurde in de richting van Deventer nabij de afslag Sallandse Heuvelrug. 
Het voertuig vloog omstreeks 06.45 uur door nog onbekende oorzaak van de snelweg, waarna drie inzittenden bekneld kwamen te zitten. 
Twee van hen zijn met onbekend letsel overgebracht naar het ziekenhuis, de ander is ter plekke aan zijn of haar verwondingen overleden. 
Als gevolg van het dodelijk ongeval was een rijstrook afgesloten. 
De auto is geborgen. 
Het verongelukte slachtoffer is een man uit Polen. 
De andere twee inzittenden zijn twee vrouwen, eveneens uit Polen. 
Volgens een getuige begon de auto van het drietal opeens te slingeren, waarna het voertuig tegen een vangrail reed en tot stilstand kwam tegen een brugpijler. 
Bij een verkeersongeval op de IJsselallee in Zwolle is vanochtend een 79-jarige automobilist uit Zwolle om het leven gekomen. 
Hij reed met hoge snelheid in op een vrachtwagen die stond te wachten voor verkeerslichten bij de Ittersumallee. 
De man zat samen met zijn 71-jarige vrouw in de auto. 
Zij raakte zwaargewond en is door de brandweer uit het voertuig bevrijd. 
Haar toestand is kritiek. 
De bestuurder van de kleine vrachtwagen, een 44-jarige man uit Tilburg, is naar het ziekenhuis gebracht vanwege nekklachten. 
De chaos door het ongeval is groot. 
Door de klap ontstond er een kop-staart-botsing waarbij behalve de auto en de vrachtwagen ook twee andere personenauto's en een bestelbus betrokken waren. 
De verkeersongevalsanalisten hebben een onderzoek ingesteld naar de aanrijding in Hoofddorp afgelopen zondag tussen twee fietsers. 
Rond 18.40 uur ontstond een aanrijding tussen twee fietsers op het fietspad aan Graan voor Visch: een 27-jarige man en een 64-jarige vrouw. 
De vrouw uit Hoofddorp liep hierdoor ernstig hoofdletsel op. 
De man werd door de politie aangehouden en overgebracht naar het politiebureau. 
De vrouw werd met spoed naar het ziekenhuis overgebracht, maar overleed helaas in het ziekenhuis aan haar verwondingen. 
De verkeersongevalsanalisten onderzoeken de exacte toedracht van de aanrijding. 
Door een aanrijding tussen een personenauto en een lijnbus van Connexxion, op de N247 tussen Broek in Waterland en Monnickendam, is maandag de bestuurder van de auto om het leven gekomen. 
De bus kwam na het ongeval in het naastgelegen water terecht. 
Volgens een woordvoerder van Connexxion zaten er geen passagiers in de bus. 
De auto kwam door nog onbekende oorzaak op de linkerweghelft terecht. 
De bus kon de personenauto niet meer ontwijken en een frontale botsing was het gevolg. 
De bestuurder van de personenauto is ter plekke overleden. 
De chauffeur van de bus kwam met de schrik en een nat pak vrij. 
Een spookrijder is woensdagochtend om het leven gekomen bij een ongeluk op de snelweg A58 bij Arnemuiden. 
De 42-jarige inwoner uit Bussum botste rond 02.00 uur frontaal tegen een bestelbusje, meldt de politie Zeeland. 
De twee inzittenden van het busje zijn met nekletsel naar een ziekenhuis gebracht. 
Het gaat om een 32-jarige man uit Vlissingen en een 44-jarige man uit het Zeeuwse Oost-Souburg. 
De A58 is tijdelijk afgesloten geweest. 
Een 16-jarige bromfietser uit Barneveld die dinsdagavond betrokken was bij een ongeval op de Amersfoortsestraat in zijn woonplaats, is overleden. 
Een 21-jarige automobilist uit Barneveld wilde linksaf slaan om een parkeerplaats op te rijden. 
Hij zou daarbij geen voorrang hebben verleend aan de bromfietser. 
Die schrok mogelijk, remde, kwam ten val en schoof met zijn brommer tegen de auto. 
De bromfietser is overgebracht naar ziekenhuis de Gelderse Vallei in Ede. 
Daar overleed hij later die avond. 
Het stoffelijk overschot dat zondagochtend door een voorbijganger werd gevonden in een sloot naast de Zoutelandseweg in Biggekerke, is van een 54-jarige man uit Zoutelande. 
De man is vermoedelijk door een eenzijdig ongeval om het leven gekomen. 
Er was op het eerste gezicht geen reden om van een misdrijf uit te gaan. 
Bij het lichaam werd ook een fiets aangetroffen. 
Het Verkeers Ongevallen Analyseteam kwam ter plaatse, omdat niet kon worden uitgesloten dat de man door een verkeersongeval om het leven was gekomen. 
Nadat de identiteit van het slachtoffer was vastgesteld, werden nabestaanden ingelicht. 
Vervolgens werd in het mortuarium een schouw gehouden, zodat de identiteit van de man kon worden bevestigd. 
Uit onderzoek op het lichaam van de dode man zijn geen sporen gevonden die erop wijzen dat hij door een misdrijf om het leven is gekomen. 
De politie gaat uit van een eenzijdig ongeval waarbij de man met zijn fiets in de sloot is terechtgekomen en daar is overleden. 
Nabestaanden hebben de man geïdentificeerd. 
De politie heeft bevestigd dat het gaat om een 54-jarige man uit Zoutelande. 
In Oud-Beijerland zag een 25-jarige motorrijder uit die plaats op een kruising aan de Langeweg een tractor met aanhangwagen over het hoofd. 
Hij reed zonder te remmen tegen het voertuig aan en schoof gedeeltelijk onder de aanhanger. 
Bij een ongeval op de Drechterlandseweg/N302 bij Hoogkarspel is een 64-jarige automobiliste woensdagochtend rond 11 uur overleden. 
Rond 11.10 uur reed de vrouw, woonachtig in Zeewolde, in de richting van Hoorn. 
Om onbekende redenen kwam zij met haar rechtervoorwiel in de berm terecht en bij het tegensturen schoot de auto naar de andere weghelft. 
Hier kwam de auto van de vrouw frontaal in aanraking met een tegemoetkomende automobiliste, een 49-jarige vrouw uit Winkel. 
De vrouw uit Zeewolde heeft de botsing niet overleefd, de andere automobiliste is met diverse kneuzingen en voetletsel naar het ziekenhuis overgebracht. 
Een 68-jarige man uit Kampen is na een ongeluk afgelopen zaterdagavond overleden aan zijn verwondingen. 
De Kampenaar reed afgelopen zaterdagavond op zijn fiets op  het fietspad langs de Europa-allee. 
Ter hoogte van de Acacialaan kwam hij in botsing met een andere fietser, een minderjarige jongen uit Kampen. 
Het slachtoffer werd naar het ziekenhuis overgebracht maar overleed diezelfde avond nog aan zijn verwondingen. 
De minderjarige jongen uit Kampen is als verdachte aangemerkt voor het ongeluk. 
Hij werd na het verhoor vrijgelaten. 
De politie onderzoekt de oorzaak van het ongeluk. 
De minderjarige mag dit onderzoek in vrijheid afwachten. 
Een 12-jarige jongen uit Amstelveen is woensdagmiddag om het leven gekomen nadat hij onder een vrachtwagen terechtkwam in zijn woonplaats. 
Hij overleed in het ziekenhuis aan zijn verwondingen, meldt de politie. 
Het ongeluk gebeurde op de Graaf Aelbrechtlaan. 
De vrachtwagen sloeg ter hoogte van de Keizer Karelweg rechtsaf maar zag vermoedelijk de jongen over het hoofd. 
Een 36-jarige man uit Haarlem is om het leven gekomen nadat hij in Amsterdam met zijn auto tegen een boom reed. 
Vermoedelijk verloor de man door nog onbekende oorzaak de controle over het stuur, liet de politie weten. 
Het ongeval gebeurde op de Nieuwe Hemweg. 
Het slachtoffer was op slag dood. 
Een 40-jarige vrachtwagenchauffeur uit Portugal is vanmiddag omgekomen bij een eenzijdig ongeluk op de A37 bij Zwinderen. 
De man verloor door een klapband de macht over het stuur. 
De vrachtwagencombinatie begon daardoor te scharen. 
De chauffeur zat alleen in de truck. 
Bij het ongeluk was geen ander verkeer betrokken. 
Onder leiding van de nieuwe hoofdtrainer Jurgen Streppel heeft sc Heerenveen de smaak te pakken. 
De Friese club boekte zaterdag bij ADO Den Haag de vierde overwinning op rij in de eredivisie: 0-3. 
Daarmee meldde Heerenveen zich bovenin de ranglijst, terwijl ADO na een sterke seizoensstart met negen punten uit de eerste drie wedstrijden juist steeds verder wegzakt. 
De geel-groene brigade van trainer Zeljko Petrovic maakte tegen Heerenveen opnieuw een zwakke indruk. 
De start van de thuisclub was wel flitsend, want binnen een halve minuut verscheen Sheraldo Becker voor het doel van Erwin Mulder. 
De vleugelspits schoot de bal echter voorlangs en daarna liet ADO weinig meer zien. 
Aan de hand van aanvoerder Stijn Schaars nam Heerenveen al snel controle over de wedstrijd. 
Spits Reza Ghoochannejhad tikte de bal in de 25e minuut op de paal, na een slimme kopbal van Pelle van Amersfoort. 
Twee minuten later was het wel raak, al kreeg Heerenveen daarbij wat hulp van doelman Ernestas Setkus van ADO Den Haag. 
De Litouwse sluitpost ging de fout in bij een hoekschop van Sam Larsson. 
Setkus kwam uit zijn doel met de bedoeling om de bal uit de lucht te plukken, maar botste op Stefano Marzo van Heerenveen en zijn eigen verdediger Wilfried Kanon, die al vroeg was ingevallen voor de geblesseerd geraakte aanvoerder Aaron Meijers. 
Via hen rolde de bal in het doel (0-1). 
In eerste instantie kwam de treffer op naam van Marzo, die in zijn honderdste wedstrijd in het betaald voetbal eindelijk zijn eerste doelpunt dacht te hebben gemaakt. 
Na bestudering van de beelden werd het echter omgezet in een eigen doelpunt van Kanon. 
In de tweede helft kwam Heerenveen geen moment in de problemen. 
De Friezen voetbalden veel makkelijker dan ADO en beslisten de wedstrijd in het 'Haags Kwartiertje' via Arber Zeneli en invaller Henk Veerman: 0-3. 
Ajax blijft in het spoor van koploper Feyenoord. 
De Amsterdammers wonnen woensdagavond moeizaam van AZ Alkmaar: 4-1. 
Ajax begon sterk en kwam na een kwartier spelen op voorsprong. 
Justin Kluivert zette voor, waarna Bertrand Traoré de bal kon binnenlopen. 
Diezelfde Kluivert bleef het de AZ-defensie lastig maken, maar gescoord werd er niet. 
AZ kreeg na de thee nieuwe energie en dat betaalde zich uit. 
Wout Weghorst kopte de bal over doelman André Onana heen na een pass van AZ-goalie Tim Krul: 1-1. 
Een kwartier voor tijd scoorde Davinson Sánchez een prachtig doelpunt. 
De verdediger scoorde met een omhaal na een corner. 
Lasse Schöne benutte vervolgens nog een penalty. 
Amin Younes bepaalde een paar minuten voor tijd de eindstand op 4-1. 
De Graafschap is er na twee wedstrijden in het nieuwe seizoen wel achter dat er in de eredivisie een ander niveau wordt gevraagd dan in de Jupiler League. 
De promovendus speelde zaterdag tegen PEC Zwolle weliswaar een stuk beter dan dinsdag tegen sc Heerenveen, maar ging desondanks wederom hard onderuit. 
Drie doelpunten in een kwartier zorgden ervoor dat PEC met een 3-0 - overwinning huiswaarts keerde. 
De Graafschap kreeg dinsdag in Friesland ook al drie doelpunten tegen: 3-1. 
Met name in het eerste uur tegen Heerenveen was de promovendus nergens te vinden. 
Heerenveen hoefde niet eens heel grandioos te spelen om te winnen. 
Tegen PEC, dat begon met een gelijkspel tegen SC Cambuur (2-2), bleven de foutjes in de eerste helft achterwege. 
De thuisploeg speelde een stuk beter en was zelfs de bovenliggende partij op de eigen Vijverberg. 
Trainer Jan Vreman zag zijn spelers de nodige kansen creëren, maar helaas voor de thuisploeg stond Kevin Begois steeds op de goede plek. 
De doelman van PEC stelde zich vooral goed op toen Vincent Vermeij na een half uur simpel binnen leek te tikken. 
Vermeij was kort daarvoor ingevallen voor Dean Koolhof. 
De middenvelder ging kermend van de pijn van het veld, met op het oog een zware liesblessure. 
De Graafschap liet in de eerste helft na te scoren en kreeg daar in de tweede helft de rekening voor gepresenteerd. 
Wouter Marinus, Bart van Hintum en Sheraldo Becker scoorden rap achter elkaar: 0-3. 
Bij de treffer van Becker ging Thijs Bouma opzichtig in de fout. 
Hij speelde een terugspeelbal langs zijn eigen doelman Hidde Jurjus. 
Dat soort fouten zullen er bij de Superboeren uit moeten, wil de ploeg het verblijf in de eredivisie niet beperken tot één seizoen. 
Excelsior en AZ hebben het eerste puntje van de competitie binnen. 
Op Woudestein eindigde het boeiende duel in 2-2. 
Excelsior nam tweemaal een voorsprong. 
Eerst via Jeff Stans, daarna dankzij Tom van Weert. 
Markus Henriksen en invaller Robert Mühren tekenden bij AZ voor de gelijkmaker. 
ADO Den Haag heeft het goede optreden van eerder deze week tegen PSV (2-2) een passend vervolg gegeven. 
De Haagse ploeg was in Enschede met 4-1 veel te sterk voor FC Twente, dat met name verdedigend enorm kwetsbaar was. 
De thuisploeg begon het duel nog wel aardig, met een kansje voor rechtsback Hidde ter Avest en een fraaie volley van Felipe Gutiérrez. 
Na de eerste de beste aanval van de gasten keek Twente echter tegen een achterstand aan. 
Mike Havenaar, de vervanger van de naar Feyenoord vertrokken topschutter Michiel Kramer, had slechts twaalf minuten nodig om zijn debuut met een doelpunt te bekronen. 
De Japanner rondde bekwaam af na een bekeken voorzet van Edouard Duplan: 0-1. 
Binnen het half uur verdubbelde Ruben Schaken de voorsprong (0-2). 
De vleugelspits profiteerde optimaal van het gegrabbel van Twente-doelman Nick Marsman. 
De keeper kreeg een voorzet van de flanken niet onder controle, waarna Schaken op de goede plek stond om de bal binnen te werken. 
Ook in het begin van de tweede helft was het Twente dat sterk begon. 
Nu was de vlak voor rust ingevallen Jesús Corona twee keer dichtbij een doelpunt. 
Het thuispubliek kon pas na 58 minuten echt juichen, nadat Hakim Ziyech de achterstand op 1-2 bracht, door een vrije trap binnen te krullen. 
ADO verzuimde daarna de marge weer naar twee te brengen. 
Schaken schoot op de lat, terwijl Timothy Derijck even later de paal raakte. 
De manier waarop de Belg dat deed, deed sterk denken aan het doelpunt van zijn keeper Martin Hansen tegen PSV eerder in de week. 
Waar de Deen toen met een hakbal de 2-2 maakte, raakte Derijck echter de paal. 
De 1-3 kwam er met enig geduld alsnog. 
Vito Wormgoor mocht bij een hoekschop helemaal vrij inkoppen van zijn directe tegenstander Renato Tapia en vond de verre hoek. 
Tien minuten voor tijd maakte Duplan er eveneens met het hoofd ook nog 1-4 van. 
PEC Zwolle heeft vandaag een punt gepakt in de uitwedstrijd bij FC Twente: 2-2. 
De ploeg van trainer Ron Jans had weinig in te brengen in Enschede, maar ging goed met de spaarzame kansen om. 
Desondanks blijft PEC, dat in de vorige speelronde tegen ADO Den Haag (2-1) pas de eerste zege pakte, onderin hangen. 
Twente staat bovenin de middenmoot. 
PEC-trainer Ron Jans kon in tegenstelling tot in dat duel geen beroep doen op verdedigers Bram van Polen en Dirk Marcellis, die met lichte klachten op de bank begonnen. 
De pas negentienjarige Philippe Sandler stond daarom centraal achterin. 
De van Ajax overgekomen verdediger ging echter al vroeg in de fout. 
Hij gaf de opstomende Kamohelo Mokotjo een duw in het strafschopgebied, waarna de bal op de stip ging. 
Mateusz Klich schoot vervolgens tegen zijn oude club de 1-0 binnen. 
PEC Zwolle kwam vlak voor rust terug in de wedstrijd. 
Nadat Twente vergeefs hoopte op een strafschop vanwege een handsbal van Ted van de Pavert, kwam PEC er razendsnel uit. 
Youness Mokhtar, tegen ADO goed voor beide treffers, speelde Simon Thesker eenvoudig uit en schoot de bal in de verre hoek: 1-1. 
Twente kwam na rust sterker uit de kleedkamer en kreeg via invaller Dylan Seys een enorme kans op de 2-1. 
De Belg maaide in kansrijke positie echter over de bal. 
Vervolgens was Enes Ünal nog dichter bij een doelpunt. 
De Turkse clubtopscorer kopte tegen de lat. 
Nadat Ünal wederom een goede kopkans onbenut had gelaten, was de spits dertien minuten voor tijd wel trefzeker. 
Hij ramde de bal na een fraaie steekpass van Bersant Celina fraai in de bovenhoek en maakte zo zijn zevende doelpunt van het seizoen. 
Uit één van de spaarzame PEC-kansen zorgde Django Warmerdam met een knal van afstand vlak voor tijd toch voor de gelijkmaker: 2-2. 
De Arnhemmers mochten nog hopen op deelname aan die barragewedstrijden, maar dan moest er in Enschede wel gewonnen worden van het al uitgespeelde FC Twente (dertiende op de ranglijst). 
Vitesse schoot uit de startblokken en werd in de derde minuut in het zadel geholpen door een eigen doelpunt van Twente-verdediger Bruno Uvini. 
Zakaria El Azzouzi trok de stand na een klein half uur echter alweer gelijk met een schitterend schot van afstand, waarmee hij doelman Eloy Room kansloos liet. 
Vitesse kwam in de 61ste minuut opnieuw op voorsprong, door een doelpunt van de negentienjarige Yuning Zhang, die zijn basisdebuut daarmee opluisterde met zijn tweede competitietreffer van dit seizoen. 
Maar wederom keerde FC Twente terug van een achterstand, dit keer al na vijf minuten en door een goal van Chinedu Ede: 2-2. 
Dat bleek voor Vitesse - dat kon profiteren van de nederlaag van PEC Zwolle - niet genoeg, want de Arnhemmers eindigen op de negende plaats. 
FC Twente heeft in eigen huis geen fout gemaakt tegen Vitesse. 
De Tukkers wonnen met 2-1. 
Na een kwartier spelen zette Enes Ünal de thuisploeg op voorsprong. 
Uit een voorzet van Dejan Trajkovski schoot de huurling raak. 
Op slag van rust leek Twente de voorsprong te verdubbelen, maar de goal van Yaw Yeboah werd afgekeurd door scheidsrechter Jeroen Manschot. 
Vlak na de thee was er opnieuw een hoofdrol voor Manschot. 
De arbiter gaf geen penalty toen Yeboah in de zestien onderuit werd gehaald door Navarone Foor. 
Pas laat in de tweede helft verdubbelden de Tukkers alsnog de voorsprong. 
Bersant Celina rondde af na een voorzet van Chinedu Ede. 
Het slotakkoord kwam op naam van Lewis Baker. 
De Vitesse-middenvelder passeerde doelman Nick Marsman met een prachtig schot. 
NEC boekte eerder op woensdagavond de tiende zege van het seizoen in de eredivisie. 
De Nijmegenaren waren voor eigen publiek met 2-0 te sterk voor FC Twente. 
Anthony Limbombe en Christian Santos bezorgden NEC na rust de winst, maar doelman Brad Jones was de uitblinker bij de formatie van trainer Ernest Faber. 
De in de winterstop overgekomen Australiër verrichtte tegen Twente dertien reddingen en hield zodoende voor de derde keer op rij de nul. 
Door de zege heeft NEC na twintig wedstrijden al 34 punten en daarmee bezet de promovendus voorlopig de vierde plek op de ranglijst. 
Twente blijft in degradatiezorgen en staat met zestien punten op de zestiende plaats. 
De Tukkers traden voor het eerst aan zonder Renato Tapia. 
De middenvelder werd eerder op woensdag aan Feyenoord verkocht. 
Zakaria El Azzouzi maakte zijn basisdebuut bij FC Twente. 
De huurling van Ajax mocht vanaf de aftrap meedoen omdat spits Jari Oosterwijk ziek was. 
In de eerste helft wist zowel Twente als NEC nauwelijks tot grote kansen te komen. 
Hakim Ziyech stelde Jones een aantal keer op de proef met afstandsschoten, maar hij wist de Australische doelman niet te passeren. 
Aan de andere kant waren pogingen van onder meer Christian Santos, Limbombe en Todd Kane vrij ongevaarlijk. 
Na rust ontbrandde het duel in Nijmegen. 
Jerson Cabral en Ziyech dwongen Jones tot reddingen en spits El Azzouzi kreeg de grootste kans namens de Tukkers. 
Hij vond na een snelle counter eveneens aanvoerder Jones op zijn weg. 
NEC kwam ruim een kwartier voor tijd uit het niets op voorsprong. 
Limbombe ontsnapte aan de verdediging van Twente en verschalkte de uitgekomen Nick Marsman met een lobje. 
In de slotfase besliste topscorer Santos met zijn dertiende treffer van het seizoen het duel in het voordeel van NEC. 
De 1-0 voor PSV was meteen de eerste competitietreffer van Siem de Jong. 
De ploeg van Phillip Cocu speelde in de voorgaande vier competitieduels drie keer gelijk en won alleen van ADO Den Haag. 
Ook tegen Go Ahead ging het bijzonder moeizaam. 
PSV heeft de achterstand op Feyenoord en Ajax, die zondag in actie komen, wel verkleind tot drie punten. 
Volgende week speelt PSV in Amsterdam tegen Ajax. 
ADO Den Haag heeft sc Heerenveen zondag in eigen huis een pijnlijke nederlaag toegebracht: 4-0. 
De bezoekers maakten in Friesland optimaal gebruik van de gaten in de defensie van Heerenveen, dat ook offensief niet kon imponeren. 
ADO boekte daardoor opnieuw een knappe overwinning in een toch vaak lastige uitwedstrijd. 
Twee weken geleden vertrok de ploeg van trainer Henk Fraser al met drie punten uit Alkmaar na een 1-0-zege op AZ. 
De Hagenaars hebben zich daardoor opgewerkt naar de tiende plaats in de Eredivisie, waar ze met twintig punten op doelsaldo boven Heerenveen staan. 
Heerenveen liet in de eerste helft nagenoeg niets zien. 
De ploeg van trainer Foppe de Haan was slordig en inspiratieloos, waardoor kansen aan Friese zijde uitbleven. 
Aan de andere kant leidde gebrek aan organisatie in de verdediging na twintig minuten spelen tot een doelpunt voor ADO Den Haag. 
Aaron Meijers kreeg aan de linkerkant alle ruimte en schoot op aangeven van Danny Bakker tegendraads binnen. 
Heerenveen startte iets beter aan de tweede helft, maar toch was het vijf minuten na de hervatting 0-2. 
Bakker profiteerde van wederom weinig doortastend verdedigen, kon op aangeven van Kevin Jansen alleen op de keeper af en scoorde. 
Ruben Schaken had ADO na een uur op 3-0 moeten zetten toen hij na een fraaie assist van Edouard Duplan van dichtbij in kon schieten, maar zijn inzet ging via de doelman naast. 
Uit de daaropvolgende hoekschop kopte Stefano Marzo een kopbal van Vito Wormgoor van de lijn, waarna het uit de corner daarna alsnog 3-0 werd. 
Tom Beugelsdijk kapte zijn tegenstander uit en joeg de bal tegen de touwen. 
Voor aanvang van het Haags Kwartiertje stond ADO dus al op een comfortabele voorsprong, die ook in de slotfase nooit in gevaar kwam. 
In blessuretijd mocht Jansen de bal nog veroveren en doorstomen naar het doel: 4-0. 
SC Heerenveen en FC Utrecht hebben in een vermakelijk duel de punten gedeeld (2-2). 
Heerenveen begon ongewijzigd aan het duel in het Abe Lenstra Stadion, wat betekende dat Stijn Schaars zijn thuisdebuut maakte in Friesland. 
FC Utrecht, dat vorige week ondanks een goede wedstrijd met 1-2 verloor van PSV, startte met Giovanni Troupée als rechtsback. 
Dat ging ten koste van Sean Klaiber. 
Heerenveen kende een goede openingsfase en kwam na twaalf minuten verdiend op voorsprong. 
Luciano Slagveer reageerde het best op een afgeslagen bal en kon van dichtbij de 1-0 binnenschuiven. 
Er was geen vuiltje aan de hand voor de ploeg van trainer Jurgen Streppel, die via de bedrijvige Arber Zeneli enkele keren aan de 2-0 rook. 
Het was echter Utrecht dat na 32 minuten uit het niets op gelijke hoogte kwam. 
Sébastien Haller scoorde vanaf de strafschopstip, nadat Yassine Ayoub onreglementair naar de grond was gebracht door Jerry St. Juste (1-1). 
Heerenveen was de kluts plotseling kwijt en moest een minuut na de gelijkmaker zelfs nog een tegentreffer toestaan. 
Bart Ramselaar zorgde er met een afstandsschot voor dat Utrecht met een 1-2 voorsprong de kleedkamer opzocht. 
Na rust probeerde Heerenveen direct de aanval te zoeken, maar het was Haller die namens Utrecht een grote kans om zeep hielp. 
De spits vond Erwin Mulder op zijn weg. 
Twintig minuten voor tijd kwam Heerenveen aan de andere kant toch langszij. 
Reza Ghoochannejhad trof doel na een scrimmage en bezorgde Heerenveen alsnog een punt (2-2). 
Voor de Friezen de tweede van het seizoen, Utrecht heeft er nu één. 
Het is één van de zekerheden dit eredivisieseizoen: Davy Klaassen maakt het eerste doelpunt van de middag. 
Een indrukwekkende statistiek die de aanvoerder van Ajax vanmiddag in het Gelredome tegen Vitesse nog maar eens wat extra kracht gaf. 
Want ja, wéér was het de middenvelder die de 0-1 maakte. 
Van zijn competitietotaal van elf, zette Klaassen in negen gevallen zijn ploeg op voorsprong. 
Hij schoot op aangeven van Amin Younes na een krap hafuur binnen. 
Vooral zijn eigen pass in voorbereiding op de voorsprong was fraai. 
Klaassen was één van de weinige Ajacieden die in Arnhem zijn niveau haalde. 
Het spel van zowel Ajax als Vitesse was zeer slordig. 
Het vele balverlies zorgde er wel voor dat Vitesse - Ajax een aantrekkelijke en levendige wedstrijd werd. 
Nóg zo'n zekerheid dit seizoen: Klaassen scoort niet alleen belangrijke doelpunten, maar legt elke week weer de energie in een wedstrijd die absoluut noodzakelijk is voor Ajax om de inhaalrace op Feyenoord tot een goed einde te brengen. 
Maar laat nu juist Klaassen óók de man zijn die de ultieme kans op de beslissing liet liggen. 
De aanvoerder miste een kwartier voor tijd een strafschop nadat Hakim Ziyech was neergelegd in het zestienmetergebied. 
Keeper Eloy Room stopte de penalty en hield zijn team zodoende in leven. 
Omdat Vitesse alles-of-niets ging spelen, kreeg Ajax vanzelfsprekend ruimte om de wedstrijd alsnog te beslissen. 
Vitesse bleef aandringen, maar toch behielden de Amsterdammers na een hectische slotfase de voorsprong. 
Wéér een belangrijke uitzege voor de ploeg van Peter Bosz. 
AZ heeft donderdagavond een nipte 1-2 overwinning geboekt op ADO Den Haag. 
Door goals van Dabney dos Santos en Markus Henriksen werd het 1-2. 
Henriksen is tevreden met het resultaat. 
Henriksen maakte zelf de 1-2, al dan niet vanuit buitenspelpositie. " 
AZ speelde een matige wedstrijd. " 
De resultaten van gisteren waren goed voor ons", doelt Henriksen op de 2-2 van Feyenoord op bezoek bij Heracles Almelo en de nederlaag van FC Utrecht tegen De Graafschap (0-2). " 
FC Groningen heeft zondagmiddag een pijnlijke thuisnederlaag geleden tegen FC Utrecht. 
In de Euroborg werd het 4-1 voor de ploeg van Erik ten Hag. 
Namens Utrecht scoorden Bart Ramselaar, Timo Letschert, Chris Kum en Andreas Ludwig. 
Voor Groningen betekende het de eerste thuisnederlaag van het seizoen. 
Uitblinker Ramselaar tekende na een kwartier spelen voor de openingstreffer. 
Een debutant trok de stand gelijk. 
De Noors spits Alexander Sørloth prikte namens Groningen binnen. 
Daarmee was ook de ruststand gelijk. 
Na de pauze tikte Utrecht de thuispoeg zo nu en dan van het kastje naar de muur. 
Timo Letschert schoot de 2-1 binnen en tien minuten later was het collega-verdediger Chris Kum die de marge op twee bracht. 
Hij rondde van dichtbij af. 
In de slotfase pakte Ludwig de hoofdrol. 
De Duitse middenvelder maakte eerste 4-1 en kort daarop incasseerde hij zijn tweede gele kaart. 
Met tien man kwam Utrecht niet meer in de problemen. 
Door de zege op Groningen klimt Utrecht weer naar plek zes op de ranglijst. 
Het gat met Groningen is nu drie punten. 
FC Utrecht heeft zondag overtuigend gewonnen van FC Twente. 
In de Galgenwaard werd het 3-0. 
De thuisploeg begon sterk en zorgde voor gevaar. 
Gyrano Kerk waagde een poging, die werd gekeerd door doelman Nick Marsman. 
De Twente-goalie weerhield ook Yassin Ayoub van scoren. 
Aan de andere kant hield David Jensen met een redding Enes Ünal van scoren af. 
In de 58e minuut werd Nacer Barazite en hij bekroonde zich tot supersub. 
De middenvelder gaf de voorzet waaruit Kerk de 1-0 binnen kopte. 
Even later kreeg Barazite de bal en verraste hij Marsman met een hard schot. 
Ook Richairo Zivkovic werd gebracht en acht minuten later besliste hij de eindstand op 3-0. 
NEC reist volgend weekeinde vol vertrouwen naar Arnhem voor de  beladen derby tegen Vitesse. 
De ploeg van trainer Ernest Faber won zondag voor de derde keer op rij. 
Ditmaal bleven de Nijmegenaren FC Utrecht de baas: 1-0. 
De enige treffer viel uit een strafschop. 
Christian Santos benutte het buitenkansje. 
NEC, tot dusverre samen met Heracles Almelo de verrassing van het seizoen in de eredivisie, kreeg de eerste kans via Navarone Foor die hard en hoog overschoot na doorkoppen van Marcel Ritzmaier. 
De eerste keer dat spits Santos in stelling werd gebracht was in de 15e minuut. 
Todd Kane was aan de rechterkant opgestoomd, uit zijn voorzet kopte de Venezolaanse international net naast. 
Aan de andere kant was de Fransman Sébastien Haller een paar keer dreigend. 
Eerst met een artistieke omhaal (over), later stuitte hij op aangeven van oud-NEC'er Kevin Conboy op doelman Benjamin Kirsten. 
De Duitser had meer belangrijke reddingen. 
Een schot van Bart Ramselaar werd gekeerd, terwijl Nacer Barazite ook werd gestuit door Kirsten. 
Tien minuten na rust gaf arbiter Pol van Boekel het duel een beslissende wending. 
Een lichte overtreding van Yassin Ayoub op Foor leverde de thuisclub een strafschop op. 
Santos bleek opnieuw trefzeker. 
Utrecht drong nog aan, maar de ploeg van trainer Erik ten Hag creëerde te weinig kansen. 
Lukte het wel, dan was er nog altijd uitblinker Kirsten. 
PSV heeft twee heel kostbare punten laten liggen in de strijd om de titel. 
In eigen huis kwam de ploeg van trainer Phillip Cocu niet verder dan een 1-1 gelijkspel tegen Heracles Almelo, dezelfde uitslag als twee weken geleden op bezoek bij sc Heerenveen. 
PSV speelde in de eerste helft niet sprankelend, maar kreeg wel de beste kansen. 
Gaston Pereiro had in de eerste minuten de score al moeten openen en Luuk de Jong kopte, via doelman Bram Castro, op de paal. 
Verrassend genoeg was het echter Heracles Almelo dat de score opende. 
De bezoekers profiteerden van zeer knullig balverlies van Siem de Jong, die als defensieve middenvelder speelde, en Samuel Armenteros rondde bekwaam af. 
PSV had een tegendoelpunt blijkbaar nodig om zelf tot scoren te komen, want kort na de 0-1 stond het alweer gelijk. 
Castro redde nog wel op de kopbal van De Jong, maar had geen antwoord op de rebound, ingeschoten door Pereiro: 1-1. 
PSV verdiende voor en na rust meer dan het kreeg, maar wist de kansen niet af te maken. 
In de laatste twintig minuten kregen de Eindhovenaren een nieuwe impuls met het inbrengen van Oleksandr Zinchencko voor de geblesseerde Siem de Jong, maar ook het gevaar dat de Manchester City-international met zich meebracht leidde niet tot een goal voor PSV, net als het inbrengen van debutant Sam Lammers. 
Als Feyenoord (NEC - uit) en Ajax (ADO - uit) zondag winnen, groeit het gat met de twee concurrenten naar respectievelijk negen en vier punten. 
PSV heeft voldaan aan zijn eerste opdracht na de winterstop. 
De ploeg heeft schadevrij de Kuip bereikt na een moeizame thuiszege vanavond op NEC (3-1). 
In De Kuip wacht volgende week zondag de kraker tegen Feyenoord en de kans voor de regerende kampioen om écht terug te komen in de titelrace. 
Maar voor het zover is, moest er nog wel afgerekend worden met NEC. 
Het was een avondlang slordigheid troef in Eindhoven. 
Typerend was een actie van Andrés Guardado na 76 minuten. 
De Mexicaan kreeg in vrije positie voor het doel een bal aangespeeld en had de beslissende 3-1 voor het intikken. 
Zijn eerste aanname was echter zo gemakzuchtig, dat het leer een meter wegsprong en NEC-keeper Delle nog kon redden. 
Uiteindelijk viel de 3-1 nu pas in de blessuretijd via Luuk de Jong. 
Feyenoord - PSV is straks een wedstrijd op zich, die PSV zal aanpakken zoals het de afgelopen twee jaar deed met zijn duels in de Champions League. 
Vorig jaar werkte  die strategie en werd het 0-2. 
Punt van zorg voor Phillip Cocu is wel dat PSV sinds de winterstop te makkelijk goals tegen krijgt. 
Ook tegen NEC weer. 
De 1-1 van  Ali Messaoud was de bekroning van een fraaie aanval, maar ook van lichtzinnigheid bij PSV. 
Weer Guardado mocht het zich aantrekken dat hij de doelpuntenmaker te gemakkelijk liet weglopen vanaf het middenveld. 
Cocu kon ook nog een pluspuntje noteren. 
Eindelijk benutte er weer eens een PSV'er een penalty, in dit geval Marco van Ginkel bij de 1-0. 
Ook dat neemt PSV mee naar volgende week, naar de sleutelwedstrijd in de Kuip. 
SC Heerenveen heeft in het eigen Abe Lenstra Stadion een dikverdiende zege geboekt op Excelsior. 
De ploeg van trainer Foppe de Haan kon het zichzelf verwijten dat het slechts tweemaal wist te scoren (2-1). 
Heerenveen-coach Foppe de Haan was vooraf nog bevreesd voor Excelsior, dat dit seizoen een degelijke indruk maakte op de 72-jarige oefenmeester. 
Daar was vrijdagavond geen enkele sprake van. 
Heerenveen was vanaf het eerste fluitsignaal de bovenliggende partij in Friesland, maar had moeite om de vele kansen om te zetten in doelpunten. 
Kenny Otigba opende de score na 22 minuten. 
De verdediger stond na een scrimmage voor het Kralingse doel precies op de juiste plaats om de bal van dichtbij binnen te frommelen en Heerenveen op voorsprong te helpen. 
Via onder meer Sam Larsson en Henk Veerman, die weer eens in de spits mocht beginnen van De Haan, verzuimden de Friezen vervolgens om het duel voor rust te beslissen. 
Dat lukte kort na rust wel. 
Larsson dribbelde vanaf de linkerkant van het strafschopgebied naar binnen en leverde een matig schot af. 
Excelsior-doelman Tom Muyters ging echter opzichtig in de fout en liet de bal door zijn handen glippen: 2-0. 
Ondanks vele Friese mogelijkheden was het alleen Excelsior dat in het vervolg van het duel nog scoorde. 
Jeff Stans schoot vanaf de strafschopstip de 2-1 op het scorebord, maar verder kwamen de bezoekers niet. 
Heerenveen klimt door de zege naar de tiende plaats in de Eredivisie, met twintig punten uit zestien duels. 
Excelsior staat met drie punten minder op de twaalfde plaats. 
Willem II en AZ delen de punten. 
In Tilburg werd er met 1-1 gelijkgespeeld. 
De Alkmaarders waren vanaf het eerste fluitsignaal de betere ploeg. 
Ben Rienstra schoot voorlangs, terwijl ook Iliass Bel Hassani niet tot scoren kwam. 
Wout Weghorst en Mats Seuntjes kregen ook kansen, maar beide ploegen gingen met een 0-0 tussenstand de rust in. 
Een kwartier na de onderbreking kreeg Fran Sol een grote kans, maar zijn schot werd onschadelijk gemaakt door AZ-keeper Tim Krul. 
In de 71ste minuut kwam AZ op voorsprong. 
Een corner van Bel Hassani werd binnengelopen door Derrick Luckassen, maar ondertussen werd doelman Kostas Lamprou omvergelopen door Wout Weghorst. 
Ondanks die overtreding keurde scheidsrechter Higler het doelpunt goed. 
In de blessuretijd sloeg Willem II alsnog toe. 
Invaller Erik Falkenburg kon binnenkoppen uit een voorzet van Obbi Oularé. 
Krul kwam niet overtuigend genoeg uit en tastte mis: 1-1. 
Bij AZ - Heerenveen zette Mitchell Te Vrede de bezoekers na vijf minuten op 0-1, maar daarna liep AZ in een aantrekkelijke wedstrijd uit naar een verdiende zege. 
Vincent Janssen schoot na een kwartier 1-1 binnen uit een rebound en nog voor rust was de achterstand omgebogen in een voorsprong toen Mounir El Hamdaoui zijn eerste doelpunt maakte sinds zijn rentree in Alkmaar. 
Halverwege de tweede helft werd het via wederom Janssen 3-1. 
AZ boekte de vijfde overwinning van het seizoen en staat voorlopig achtste met achttien punten uit dertien wedstrijden. 
Heerenveen blijft door de eerste nederlaag onder interim-trainer Foppe de Haan steken op veertien punten, waarmee het voorlopig twaalfde is. 
Roda JC verliet zondag de laatste plaats in de Eredivisie. 
De Limburgers kwamen zondagmiddag op in punten gelijke hoogte met nummer zeventien PEC Zwolle, maar hebben een iets beter doelsaldo. 
De ploeg uit Kerkrade won op Woudestein van Excelsior. 
Na 56 minuten was het David Boysen die de enige goal van de wedstrijd maakte. 
Roda had al 596 minuten niet gescoord in de Eredivisie. 
Uitgerekend Andreas Ludwig schoot FC Utrecht naar plek 4, ten koste van SC Heerenveen (1-0). 
De Duitser speelde dit seizoen vaker niet dan wel, deed daarover afgelopen vrijdag nog zijn beklag in AD Sportwereld, maar vandaag was hij weer helemaal het mannetje in stadion Galgenwaard. 
We schrijven minuut 25. 
Sofyan Amrabat steekt de Duitser weg. ' 
Lude', zoals zijn bijnaam luidt, stormt op Heerenveen-goalie Erwin Mulder af. 
Waar iedereen een voorzet verwacht gaat de Duitser voor eigen geluk. 
Vanwege de moordende concurrentie op het Utrechtse middenrif vooral. 
En ook omdat de Duitser veel te wisselvallig presteerde om een basisplaats te kunnen eisen. 
Vorige week tegen Go Ahead mocht hij weer eens opdraven vanaf de start. 
Tegen Heerenveen, waar Ludwig de zieke Yassin Ayoub mocht vervangen, werd het allemaal nog mooier voor hem. 
Galgenwaard explodeerde bij zijn goal. 
Ludwig zocht meteen de fans om zijn eerste eredivisiegoal  van dit seizoen met hen te delen. 
Zijn vierde in totaal, waarvan de tweede tegen de Friezen. 
De negentig minuten maakte hij niet vol. Want arbiter Kamphuis stuurde eerste Sam Larsson vroegtijdig naar de douches en daarna was Ludwig het haasje. 
Zodat hij de topper tegen PSV vanaf de tribunes moet bekijken. 
NEC heeft vooralsnog weinig moeite met de transitie van de Jupiler League naar de Eredivisie. 
Thuis in Nijmegen werd sc Heerenveen met 2-0 verslagen. 
Het is alweer de derde overwinning dit seizoen voor de ploeg die afgelopen jaar een divisie lager het kampioenschap pakte. 
De Nijmeegse ploeg dankte de overwinning aan de Venezolaanse middenvelder Christian Santos. 
Hij stond twee keer op de goede plek om een rebound in te tikken, en maakte zo beide doelpunten, netjes verdeeld over beide helften. 
De overwinning was terecht te noemen gezien het aantal doelpogingen (17 om 11) maar Heerenveen had wel veel meer balbezit en enigszins reden tot klagen toen het geen strafschop kreeg bij de stand van 1-0. 
Luciano Slagveer ging echter wel erg gretig naar het gras en kreeg daarom een gele kaart voor een schwalbe. 
NEC staat nu zevende in de competitie, Heerenveen is afgezakt naar de 11e plaats. 
De Friezen hebben pas één wedstrijd gewonnen dit seizoen. 
Roda JC heeft de laatste plaats in de eredivisie in elk geval voor even overgedaan aan Go Ahead Eagles. 
De Limburgers sleepten bij PEC Zwolle in een boeiende wedstrijd een 0-0 gelijkspel uit het vuur en staan nu zeventiende. 
De eerste tien minuten beloofden weinig goeds, maar de drie die volgden waren buitengewoon vermakelijk. 
Queensy Menig opende het bal met een geblokt schot, Danny Holla volgde diens voorbeeld en aan de andere kant schoot Mikhail Rosheuvel op de paal. 
Na het tweede schot van Menig, dat via een Limburgs been bijna in de kruising belandde, keerde de rust terug. 
In de eerste helft was Zwolle het dichtst bij een treffer via Mustafa Saymak, die met een snoeihard schot de lat bijna doormidden schoot. 
In de tweede helft gingen beide ploegen aanvankelijk vrolijk verder. 
Menig kreeg zijn derde grote kans, maar opnieuw stond er een Limburger in de weg van zijn schot. 
Op de Zwolse helft produceerde Abdul Ajagun een afzwaaier. 
Roda, veruit de minst scorende ploeg in de eredivisie, geloofde niet meer in een treffer en zette in op een punt. 
PEC probeerde nog wel de zwartgele muur te doorbreken, maar die was kundig dichtgemetseld. 
Alleen Nicolai Brock-Madsen vond nog een gaatje en scoorde, maar hij werd teruggefloten vanwege een overtreding. 
Roda JC heeft zondagmiddag een overwinning geboekt op FC Groningen. 
In Limburg werd het 3-1. 
Roda was vanaf minuut één de bovenliggende partij, maar kwam pas na 30 minuten op voorsprong. 
Abdul Ajagun kopte een fraaie voorzet van Mikhail Rosheuvel achter Groningen-goalie Sergio Padt. 
Na rust ging Roda door met het spel maken, al kreeg Groningen ook een paar kansen. 
Na 54 minuten kopte Roda-aanvoerder Christian Kum een hoekschop binnen: 2-0. 
Niet veel later was ook Dani Schahin trefzeker met zijn hoofd. 
De spits kopte raak uit een voorzet van Mitchell Paulissen. 
Bryan Linssen deed vervolgens nog iets terug, maar echt spannend werd het niet meer. 
Diezelfde Linssen werd in de slotfase van het veld gestuurd wegens natrappen. 
SC Cambuur weet bijna niet meer wat winnen is. 
De club uit Leeuwarden haalde uit de laatste vijf duels van vorig seizoen maar twee punten en bleef ook dit seizoen nog verstoken van een zege. 
Zaterdag lukte het niet om AZ klein te krijgen, al is de 1-1 tenminste iets. 
AZ koestert het punt en krijgt nu twee zware duels voor de kiezen: eerst tegen FC Augsburg, daarna tegen Feyenoord. 
Heracles Almelo heeft zaterdagavond zeer goede zaken gedaan in de strijd tegen degradatie. 
De Almeloërs speelden op bezoek bij Willem II ruim zeventig minuten met een man minder, maar toonden karakter en zegevierden uiteindelijk met 1-3. 
Heracles passeert de Tilburgers bovendien op de ranglijst en lijkt voorlopig afstand te nemen van de onderste regionen in de Eredivisie. 
Willem II verloor slechts eenmaal in de laatste zes wedstrijden voor eigen publiek en werd halverwege de eerste helft in het zadel geholpen door Bram Castro. 
De doelman van Heracles beging in zijn eigen strafschopgebied een overtreding op Obbi Oulare en kon vervolgens vroegtijdig inrukken met een rode kaart. 
De daaropvolgende penalty werd benut door Frank Sol, die invaller Renze Fij naar de verkeerde hoek stuurde en Willem II zo een vroege voorsprong bezorgde. 
Daarvoor hadden de ploegen elkaar in evenwicht gehouden en Heracles verweerde zich ook in het vervolg van de eerste helft kranig. 
Het elftal van John Stegeman kwam er ondanks de ondertalsituatie bij vlagen dreigend uit en was via Vincent Vermeij dicht bij de gelijkmaker, maar de spits stuitte tot tweemaal toe op Kostas Lamprou. 
Namens Willem II was Thom Haye in de slotfase van het eerste bedrijf gevaarlijk, maar zijn vrije trap werd stijlvol uit het doel gehaald door Fij. 
Na rust kantelde Heracles het duel volledig in een tijdsbestek van slechts zes minuten. 
Peter van Ooijen zag zijn afstandsschot na een uur spelen binnenzeilen, waarna Kristoffer Peterson de bezoekers van dichtbij op voorsprong bracht en Robin Gosens luttele minuten later zelfs voor de 1-3 tekende. 
Heracles kon voorts rustig achteroverleunen en werd niet meer in de problemen gebracht door een bijzonder matig Willem II, dat nauwelijks kansen creëerde en uiteindelijk als een gieter afging in eigen stadion. 
Willem II heeft thuis een verrassende zege geboekt op sc Heerenveen. 
De Tilburgers wonnen met 2-1 van de Friezen, die desondanks vierde blijven op de ranglijst. 
In de alleraardigste eerste helft kwam Willem II na een kwartier op 1-0 via Fran Sol. 
De Spanjaard, die dit seizoen al drie keer met het hoofd gescoord had, kopte de bal uit een hoekschop in het dak van het doel. 
Binnen tien minuten kwam Heerenveen langszij, toen na een uitstekende aanval op rechts Arber Zenelli de bal voorgaf en Freek Heerkens de bal in eigen doel werkte. 
Dat eigen doelpunt was de eerste tegentreffer van de Tilburgers in vijf duels. 
Heerkens nam kort daarna bijna revanche met een kopbal op de buitenkant van de paal. 
De Tilburgers hielden het tempo na rust hoog en de 2-1 voorsprong was beslist verdiend. 
Weer was het Sol die scoorde (zijn zevende treffer), met een intikkertje dit keer, bij de tweede paal, na een voorzet van Thom Haye. 
Erik Falkenburg was dicht bij de 3-1 met een kopbal die rakelings naast ging. 
Van een echt Fries slotoffensief was geen sprake en dus was het wachten op een bevlieging van sterspeler Sam Larsson: die bleef echter uit. 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De AEX-index is maandag op de hoogste stand van dit jaar gesloten. 
De Amsterdamse beursgraadmeter ging, net als andere Europese beurzen, omhoog op hoop over een handelsdeal tussen de Verenigde Staten en China. 
Postbedrijf PostNL werd in Amsterdam afgestraft na een tegenvallend handelsbericht. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 sloot met een plus van 0,8 procent op 585,55 punten. 
Daarmee werd de hoogste slotstand sinds mei 2001 bereikt. 
De MidKap won 1 procent tot 883,44 punten. 
Parijs, Londen en Frankfurt klommen tot 1,4 procent. 
Zo ging staalconcern ArcelorMittal aan kop in de AEX met een winst van 3,9 procent. 
Het bedrijf besloot bovendien de huur- en koopovereenkomst van het Italiaanse fabriek Ilva op te zeggen. 
Italië liet al weten de stap van het staalconcern niet te accepteren. 
Bij de middelgrote bedrijven wonnen metaalconcerns AMG en Aperam 8,3 en 1,5 procent. 
Vopak (min 3,7 procent) was de grootste daler bij de hoofdfondsen. 
Het tankopslagbedrijf hield zijn kwartaalomzet op peil, maar zag de bezettingsgraad dalen. 
In de MidKap stond PostNL onderaan met een min van 4,5 procent. 
De overname van rivaal Sandd drukte duidelijk op de resultaten van de postbezorger. 
PostNL liet tevens weten zijn posttarieven volgend jaar te verhogen. 
Detacheerder DPA profiteerde van de krapte op de arbeidsmarkt en werd 2,6 procent hoger gezet. 
Biotechnoloog Vivoryon Therapeutics won 6,6 procent na een koopadvies van NIBC. 
In Frankfurt stegen Volkswagen, BMW en Daimler tot 2,9 procent. 
In Parijs kregen PSA en Renault er tot 3,4 procent bij. 
In Dublin werden de resultaten van budgetmaatschappij Ryanair beloond met een koerswinst van 8,5 procent. 
De euro was 1,1141 dollar waard, tegen 1,1169 dollar op vrijdag. 
Een vat Amerikaanse olie werd 1,8 procent duurder op 57,21 dollar. 
Brentolie klom 1,5 procent in prijs tot 62,61 dollar. 
Het vastgoedconcern was de grootste daler in de AEX. 
-1,0% Unibail Rodamco De bodemonderzoeker bungelde onderaan de MidKap. 
-0,8% Fugro Het betaalbedrijf profiteerde van een positief analistenrapport van Cantor Fitzgerald. 
+3,3% Adyen Het telecomconcern klom na een adviesverhoging door Goldman Sachs. 
+1,1% KPN 
Wall Street 
New York - De argumenten voor een renteverlaging stapelen zich op, maar beloven dat er volgende maand ook eentje komt – dat deed Jerome Powell gisteren dan weer niet. 
De voorzitter van de Amerikaanse centrale bank Fed zei op een congres over de Amerikaanse economie dat er „onzekerheid is over handel en nieuwe zorgen over de kracht van de wereldeconomie”. 
De Dow Jones-index sloot op 26.550 punten, een verlies van 0,7%. 
Techbeurs Nasdaq (-1,5%) en de bredere S&P500-index (-1%) somberden nog harder. 
Investing.com - Litecoin noteerde vandaag om 19:09 (17:09 GMT) uur &#x24;76,917 op de Investing.com Index, na een verlies van 20,18% in een dag. 
Het was de grootste procentuele daling in één dag sinds 14 september 2017. 
Dit verlies verkleinde de marktkapitalisatie van Litecoin tot $5,150B, ofwel 1,95% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van Litecoin $14,099B. 
Litecoin handelde in een bereik tussen $76,708 en $91,840 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Litecoin een vermindering in zijn waarde gekend van 31,37%. 
Het volume van Litecoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;3,317B ofwel 4,70% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $76,7076 tot $120,1657. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin nog steeds 81,69% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $420,00 genoteerd op 12 december 2017. 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $9.612,6 in de Investing.com Index, 10,85% lager dan een dag geleden. 
Ethereum handelde op $196,90 op de Investing.com Index, met een verlies van 18,74%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu op $175,300B ofwel 66,25% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum een totaal van $21,641B bereikte, ofwel 8,18% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De Europese beurzen zijn donderdag met stevige verliezen gesloten. 
Op het Damrak gingen staalconcern ArcelorMittal en bouwbedrijf BAM hard onderuit na tegenvallende kwartaalberichten. 
Beleggers waren verder vooral in de ban van de oplopende spanningen aan het handelsfront tussen de Verenigde Staten en China. 
Ook Ajax kelderde na het verlies in de halve finale van de Champions League. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 eindigde 1,7 procent in de min op 549,59 punten. 
De MidKap leverde 2,8 procent in tot 763,43 punten. 
De beurzen in Frankfurt, Londen en Parijs verloren tot 1,9 procent. 
De Amerikaanse president Donald Trump gaf de Chinezen de schuld van het afketsen van de handelsdeal, waarvan veel beleggers dachten dat die binnen handbereik was. 
De verhoging van Amerikaanse importheffingen op Chinese goederen, waar Trump eerder mee dreigde, gaat vrijdag in. 
In Amsterdam was ArcelorMittal met afstand de grootste daler in de volledig rode AEX met een verlies van 6,1 procent. 
De staalfabrikant boekte in het eerste kwartaal fors mindere resultaten dan een jaar eerder. 
Chipmachinemaker ASML zakte 4 procent. 
Het Amerikaanse chipconcern Intel, een belangrijke klant van ASML, verwacht de komende drie jaar de omzet met een laag, enkelcijferig percentage te kunnen laten groeien. 
In de MidKap kelderde BAM ruim 14 procent. 
De bouwer wist de kwartaalomzet op te voeren, maar de relatief ,,zwakke" winstmarge van het bedrijf zorgde volgens analisten van KBC Securities voor de nodige hoofdbrekens. 
Ajax raakte op de lokale markt 20 procent aan beurswaarde kwijt. 
De beursgenoteerde voetbalclub verspeelde woensdag de finaleplaats van de lucratieve Champions League. 
De euro was 1,1232 dollar waard, tegen 1,1211 dollar een dag eerder. 
Een vat Amerikaanse olie werd 1,2 procent goedkoper op 61,36 dollar. 
Brentolie zakte 0,7 procent in prijs tot 69,88 dollar per vat. 
Deze winst vergrootte de marktkapitalisatie van EOS tot $3,0755B, ofwel 1,23% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van EOS $17,5290B. 
EOS handelde in een bereik tussen $2,7706 en $3,4217 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft EOS een vermeerdering in zijn waarde gekend van 13,48%. 
Het volume van EOS dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;3,6517B ofwel 3,33% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $2,5439 tot $3,4217. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat EOS nog steeds 85,16% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $22,98 genoteerd op 29 april 2018. 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $8.669,6 in de Investing.com Index, 14,32% hoger dan een dag geleden. 
Ethereum handelde op $190,08 op de Investing.com Index, met een winst van 15,29%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu op $165,9183B ofwel 66,46% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum een totaal van $20,1939B bereikte, ofwel 8,09% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
De aandelenhandel in de VS is vrijdag hoger van start gegaan. 
Rond vier uur Nederlandse tijd koerst de toonaangevende S&P 500-index 0,8% hoger. 
Technologiebeurs Nasdaq wint 0,4%, terwijl de Dow Jones-index een volle procent wint. 
De grootste stijger in de Dow is de bank JP Morgan Chase. 
De Dow kent geen dalers. 
Het sentiment draait vrijdag onder invloed van nieuws over de handelsbesprekingen tussen de VS en China. 
De landen onderhandelden deze week in Beijing over maatregelen die de handelsoorlog moeten verzachten. 
Na aanvankelijke berichten over de stugge voortgang van die besprekingen meldde de Chinese president Xi Jinping dat de gesprekken volgende week zullen worden voortgezet in Washington. 
Hij stelde volgens persbureau Bloomberg bovendien dat er 'belangrijke vooruitgang' is geboekt. 
De deadline voor de besprekingen is 1 maart. 
Pepsi 
De meest in het oog springende bedrijfscijfers komen vrijdag van frisdrankenfabrikant Pepsi . 
Dat kwam met goede resultaten over het laatste kwartaal van 2018, maar waarschuwde voor een daling van de winst in 2019. 
Die waarschuwing komt een dag nadat rivaal Coca-Cola ook al met teleurstellende prognoses voor het lopende jaar kwam. 
Het aandeel Pepsi wint twee procent en blijft dus een afstraffing zoals bij Coca-Cola bespaard. 
De aandelenkoers van Coca-Cola verloor op de effectenbeurs van New York donderdag zo'n 8%, de grootste duikeling sinds tien jaar. 
De euro koerst twee tienden van een procent lager ten opzichte van de dollar op $1,126. 
De olieprijs gaat er juist flink op vooruit op $65,83 voor een vat Brent. 
Dat is de hoogste prijs van het jaar en een winst van 2% ten opzichte van donderdag. 
De koersen op de Amerikaanse beurzen waren donderdag overwegend gedaald. 
De Dow Jones Industrial Average van dertig grote fondsen raakte 0,4% kwijt. 
De S&P 500 zakte met 0,3%. 
De Nasdaq Composite van technologieaandelen kreeg er een magere 0,1% bij. 
NEW YORK (ANP) - De aandelenbeurzen in New York zijn vrijdag fors lager geopend. 
De aankondiging van president Donald Trump dat er tarieven komen op goederen uit Mexico drukten op het sentiment. 
China zorgde er met een zwarte lijst voor 'onbetrouwbare' buitenlandse bedrijven ook voor dat de handelsspanning volop onder de aandacht bleef. 
De Dow-Jonesindex verloor in de eerste handelsminuten 1,1 procent tot 24.882 punten. 
De breed samengestelde S&P 500 leverde 1,1 procent in tot 2758 punten en techbeurs Nasdaq ging 1,2 procent omlaag tot 7475 punten. 
Trump kondigde aan dat de Verenigde Staten goederen uit Mexico met een heffing van 5 procent gaan belasten. 
Die gaat maandelijks met 5 procentpunt omhoog tot een maximum van 25 procent tenzij Mexico de illegale immigratie naar de VS oplost. 
Die heffing lijkt vooral autobouwers als Ford (min 2,6 procent) en General Motors (min 3,8 procent) te treffen. 
De stap van China is een antwoord op de harde aanpak van Huawei door de VS. Het is nog niet bekend welke bedrijven de Volksrepubliek op de lijst gaat zetten, maar techbedrijf Apple (min 1 procent) en chipbedrijven als Qualcomm en Intel worden genoemd. 
Die chipmakers daalden tot 1,6 procent. 
Computerbouwer Dell (min 8,3 procent) haalde meer omzet en zette een winst in de boeken. 
Taxi-app Uber kwam met zijn eerste kwartaalcijfers als beursgenoteerd bedrijf en zag de omzet stijgen, maar ook het verlies hard oplopen. 
Het aandeel dikte 2,4 procent aan. 
Na de slechtste handelsdag van dit jaar hebben de drie belangrijkste handelsindices in New York een kleine comeback gemaakt. 
Op de verliezen, die maandag nog opliepen tot 3,5%, maakte de Dow Jones dinsdag 1,2% goed. 
Ook de S&P 500 (1,3%) en de Nasdaq (1,4%) wonnen wat terrein terug. 
Als reactie op de extra importheffingen van president Trump liet China de renminbi dalen, maar dinsdag stabiliseerde de wisselkoers iets onder de 7 renminbi per dollar. 
De Chinese centrale bank beloofde exporteurs dat het de munt niet significant meer zou verzwakken. 
In de ochtend hadden de Verenigde Staten de Volksrepubliek nog officieel bestempeld tot valutamanipulator, een uitspraak die volgens Chinese bankiers louter 'chaos op de financiële markten' kan veroorzaken. 
Trump zei echter niet bang te zijn voor een langdurige handelsoorlog en benadrukte de 'sterke positie' van de VS. 
Blackstone won bijna 3%. 
De investeringsmaatschappij neemt een belang in de Britse private-equityreus BC Partners. 
Volgens ingewijden gaat het om een belang van 10% tot 15% en heeft de deal een waarde van circa $560 mln. 
Take-Two Interactive Software pluste bijna 8%, nadat de gameontwikkelaar sterke kwartaalcijfers bekend maakte en de omzetverwachting voor het boekjaar verhoogde. 
Farmaceut Mallinckrodt rapporteerde een winst van $2,53 per aandeel over het tweede kwartaal, bijna een halve dollar hoger dan verwacht. 
Na hevige koersschommelingen sloot het uiteindelijk op een min van meer dan 12%. 
Amsterdam - Beleggers op het Damrak boekten dinsdag klein verlies. 
Ze wachtten op richting die de Federal Reserve die avond kon geven en op de G20-top over een deal in de handelsoorlog. 
Beleggers blijven dan liefst aan de kant”, aldus handelaar Frank Bonsee van ABN Amro. 
De Duitse tienjaarsrente bereikte het laagste niveau ooit. 
Sla dus je slag met aandelen, suggereerde Rabobank. 
De AEX sloot daarop 0,3% lager bij 558,32 punten. 
Cyclische fondsen als Randstad (-4,6%), ING ziet zijn vooruitzicht verzwakken, gingen in de uitverkoop, Beter Bed en vooral Fastned (-55,8%) kwamen niet uit verlies. 
Maaltijdbezorger Takeaway (+2,9%) bleef op goede orders gewild. 
NEW YORK (ANP) - De aandelenbeurzen in New York zijn donderdag met winsten aan de handel begonnen, na de bescheiden minnen van een dag eerder. 
De aandacht van beleggers op Wall Street blijft voor een groot deel uitgaan naar de Amerikaans-Chinese handelsvete. 
Verder gingen de olieprijzen stevig omhoog door incidenten met olietankers in de Golf van Oman. 
De Dow-Jonesindex stond kort na de openingsbel 0,5 procent hoger op 26.124 punten. 
De brede S&P 500 zat 0,4 procent in de lift tot 2893 punten en technologiebeurs Nasdaq won 0,6 procent met 7837 punten. 
China liet weten niet toe te zullen geven aan druk van de Amerikanen en te blijven vechten tot het einde in het handelsconflict met de Verenigde Staten. 
De Chinese vicepremier Liu He suggereerde dat Peking met extra maatregelen kan komen om de economie te stimuleren. 
Sport- en yogakledingmerk Lululemon Athletica steeg bijna 5 procent in beurswaarde, dankzij beter dan verwachte kwartaalcijfers en een verhoging van de winstverwachting voor het hele boekjaar. 
Woninginrichter RH, het voormalige Restoration Hardware, ging in de eerste handelsminuten daarnaast bijna 24 procent omhoog, eveneens door meevallende kwartaalresultaten en verhoogde prognoses. 
Wall Street 
New York - Zorgen donderdagavond op Wall Street nadat president Trump aankondigde nog eens 10% importheffing op Chinese goederen ter waarde van $300 miljard in te voeren. 
China komt de VS onvoldoende tegemoet in de handelsbesprekingen, aldus Trump. 
De Dow (-1,1%) bewoog na Trumps aanval in totaal 600 punten. 
Retailbedrijven als Best Buy en grondstoffen werden grote verliezers. 
De olieprijs zakte 7%. 
Microsoft en IBM wonnen 5%. 
Het Pentagon heroverweegt een contract van Amazon voor cloud-diensten nadat Trump meldde dat het teveel concurrentievoordeel had gekregen. 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De Europese beurzen zijn vrijdag met winsten het weekend in gegaan. 
Beleggers reageerden op uitspraken van onder meer de economisch adviseur van het Witte Huis Larry Kudlow dat de Verenigde Staten en China dicht bij een handelsdeal zijn. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 sloot 0,6 procent in de plus op 598,96 punten. 
De MidKap dikte 1 procent aan tot 901,68 punten. 
De beurzen in Londen, Frankfurt en Parijs stegen tot 0,7 procent. 
ArcelorMittal ging 2,5 procent vooruit en was daarmee de sterkste stijger in de AEX. 
Het staalbedrijf mag van het hooggerechtshof in India de overname van zijn failliete branchegenoot Essar Steel afronden. 
Verder waren chipgerelateerde bedrijven in trek na positieve cijfers van branchegenoten uit de Verenigde Staten. 
In Amsterdam zaten ASML, ASMI en Besi duidelijk in de lift, met plussen rond de 2 en 3 procent. 
Bij de kleinere fondsen steeg Kiadis Pharma meer dan 13 procent in beurswaarde. 
Het biotechnologiebedrijf ging eerder deze week nog flink onderuit, nadat het bekendmaakte de ontwikkeling van zijn belangrijkste geneesmiddel te staken. 
Elders in Europa was er onder meer aandacht voor BT. 
Het Britse telecombedrijf verloor dik 1 procent in Londen. 
De Britse Labour-leider Jeremy Corbyn wil een deel van BT nationaliseren indien hij de verkiezingen wint. 
In Parijs won Orange juist meer dan 1 procent na berichten dat het Franse telecomconcern zijn activiteiten met betrekking tot mobiele telefoonmasten wil afsplitsen. 
In Stockholm kelderde SEB ruim 12 procent. 
Een Zweeds tv-programma claimt informatie te hebben over betrokkenheid van de Zweedse bank bij de omvangrijke witwasaffaire in de Baltische staten. 
Verder dikten Saipem en Subsea 7 in respectievelijk Milaan en Oslo tot bijna 2 procent aan. 
Beleggers reageerden enthousiast op berichten over een mogelijke fusie tussen de twee Europese oliedienstverleners. 
De euro was 1,1044 dollar waard tegen 1,1016 dollar een dag eerder. 
Een vat Amerikaanse olie werd 1,6 procent duurder op 57,68 dollar. 
Brentolie steeg ook 1,6 procent in prijs, tot 63,28 dollar per vat. 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs in Amsterdam ging donderdag verder vooruit. 
Ook de andere Europese beurzen stonden in het groen. 
Beleggers verwerkten de rentepauze van de Federal Reserve en reageerden opgelucht dat de centrale bank geduldig zal zijn met verdere rentestappen. 
Op het Damrak openden zwaargewichten Shell en Unilever de boeken. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde in de ochtendhandel 0,4 procent hoger op 520,53 punten. 
De MidKap steeg 0,6 procent tot 731,22 punten. 
De beurzen in Parijs, Londen en Frankfurt dikten tot 1 procent aan. 
Shell ging aan kop bij de hoofdfondsen met een plus van ruim 3 procent. 
De olie- en gasreus profiteerde afgelopen jaar van de hogere olie en gasprijzen en zette een fors hogere winst in de boeken. 
Unilever sloot de rij met een min van 3 procent. 
Het levensmiddelenconcern realiseerde afgelopen kwartaal minder omzetgroei dan verwacht en voorziet aanhoudende uitdagende marktomstandigheden in 2019. 
Supermarktconcern Ahold Delhaize zakte 1,6 procent na een adviesverlaging door JPMorgan. 
Uitzender Randstad kampte met een adviesverlaging door ING en verloor 1,5 procent. 
In de MidKap stond bouwer BAM bovenaan met een winst van 4 procent. 
De vastgoedbedrijven Eurocommercial Properties en Wereldhave kampten met adviesverlagingen door ING en daalden meer dan 1 procent. 
In Zürich klom Roche 1,6 procent dankzij meevallende de jaarcijfers van het farmaceutische concern. 
Horlogemaker Swatch kelderde 8 procent na een zwak vierde kwartaal. 
Hennes & Mauritz (H&M) zakte ruim 2 procent in Stockholm na teleurstellende resultaten van de Zweedse kledingketen. 
De Finse fabrikant van netwerkapparatuur Nokia, die ook met cijfers kwam, daalde bijna 6 procent. 
In Londen vielen de resultaten van drankenproducent Diageo (plus 3,5 procent) in goede aarde. 
Beleggers waren niet tevreden over de cijfers van de Britse telecomreus BT, die 3 procent lager werd gezet. 
De euro was 1,1503 dollar waard, tegen 1,1416 dollar een dag eerder. 
De prijs van een vat Amerikaanse olie steeg 0,4 procent tot 54,47 dollar. 
Brentolie kostte 0,6 procent meer op 62 dollar per vat. 
Investing.com - Litecoin noteerde vandaag om 01:17 (23:17 GMT) uur &#x24;76,865 op de Investing.com Index, na een winst van 21,15% in een dag. 
Het was de grootste procentuele stijging in één dag sinds 2 april. 
Deze winst vergrootte de marktkapitalisatie van Litecoin tot $4,519B, ofwel 2,70% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van Litecoin $14,099B. 
Litecoin handelde in een bereik tussen $60,353 en $76,865 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Litecoin een vermeerdering in zijn waarde gekend van 23,99%. 
Het volume van Litecoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;3,830B ofwel 5,45% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $58,8661 tot $76,8652. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin nog steeds 81,70% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $420,00 genoteerd op 12 december 2017. 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $4.838,6 in de Investing.com Index, 14,31% hoger dan een dag geleden. 
Ethereum handelde op $163,80 op de Investing.com Index, met een winst van 13,36%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu op $84,741B ofwel 50,69% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum een totaal van $17,100B bereikte, ofwel 10,23% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
Investing.com Nederland biedt een uitgebreide set van professionele tools voor de Forex, Grondstoffen, Futures en de Aandelenmarkt inclusief real-time data streaming, een uitgebreide economische kalender, maar ook financieel nieuws en technische & fundamentele Beurs analyses van in-house experts.Lees meer nieuws over Investing.com Nederland en download de nieuwe Investing.com App voor Android! 
Investing.com - Cardano noteerde vandaag om 19:23 (17:23 GMT) uur &#x24;0,069346 op de Investing.com Index, na een verlies van 12,74% in een dag. 
Dit verlies verkleinde de marktkapitalisatie van Cardano tot $1,79787B, ofwel 0,87% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van Cardano $23,91700B. 
Cardano handelde in een bereik tussen $0,067863 en $0,076999 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Cardano een vermeerdering in zijn waarde gekend van 4,34%. 
Het volume van Cardano dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;189,56150M ofwel 0,20% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $0,0592 tot $0,0785. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Cardano nog steeds 94,86% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $1,35 genoteerd op 4 januari 2018. 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $6.929,4 in de Investing.com Index, 0,29% lager dan een dag geleden. 
Ethereum handelde op $185,12 op de Investing.com Index, met een verlies van 7,21%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu op $121,87245B ofwel 58,78% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum een totaal van $19,57581B bereikte, ofwel 9,44% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
Investing.com Nederland biedt een uitgebreide set van professionele tools voor de Forex, Grondstoffen, Futures en de Aandelenmarkt inclusief real-time data streaming, een uitgebreide economische kalender, maar ook financieel nieuws en technische & fundamentele Beurs analyses van in-house experts.Lees meer nieuws over Investing.com Nederland en download de nieuwe Investing.com App voor Android! 
Investing.com - Bitcoin passeerde op zondag het niveau van &#x24;10.728,7. 
Bitcoin noteerde &#x24;10.728,7 op de Investing.com Index op zondag om 06:59 (04:59 GMT), na een stijging van 0,65% in een dag. 
Het was de grootste procentuele stijging in één dag sinds 22 juni. 
Deze winst vergrootte de marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin tot $190,7B, ofwel 58,38% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin $241,2B. 
Bitcoin handelde in een bereik tussen $10.680,1 en $10.947,1 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Bitcoin een vermeerdering in zijn waarde gekend van 18,57%. 
Het volume van Bitcoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;26,1B ofwel 29,46% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $8.959,8076 tot $11.160,4580. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Bitcoin nog steeds 46,01% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $19.870,62 genoteerd op 17 december 2017. 
Ethereum stond meest recentelijk op $314,82 in de Investing.com Index, 3,23% hoger dan een dag geleden. 
XRP handelde op $0,48031 op de Investing.com Index, met een winst van 5,88%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum staat nu op $33,4B ofwel 10,22% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van XRP een totaal van $20,4B bereikte, ofwel 6,24% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
Investing.com Nederland biedt een uitgebreide set van professionele tools voor de Forex, Grondstoffen, Futures en de Aandelenmarkt inclusief real-time data streaming, een uitgebreide economische kalender, maar ook financieel nieuws en technische & fundamentele Beurs analyses van in-house experts.Lees meer nieuws over Investing.com Nederland en download de nieuwe Investing.com App voor Android! 
TOKIO (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs in Japan is vrijdag met winst gesloten. 
De Japanse oliebedrijven profiteerden van de hogere olieprijzen, die in de lift zaten na incidenten met twee olietankers in de Golf van Oman. 
Volgens de Amerikaanse minister van Buitenlandse Zaken, Mike Pompeo, zit Iran achter de aanvallen. 
Iran noemt de beschuldigingen ongefundeerd. 
De toonaangevende Nikkei in Tokio ging uiteindelijk 0,4 procent hoger het weekeinde in op 21.116,89 punten. 
De Japanse hoofdindex won deze week ruim 1 procent. 
De oliebedrijven Inpex en Japan Petroleum Exploration kregen er 1,3 procent bij. 
Sony dikte ruim 3 procent aan. 
De Amerikaanse activistische investeerder Dan Loeb heeft zijn belang in het Japanse elektronica- en entertainmentconcern vergroot tot een waarde van 1,5 miljard dollar en dringt opnieuw aan op een afsplitsing van de chipdivisie en de verkoop van delen van Sony Financial en andere activiteiten. 
Zes jaar geleden nam Third Point, het hedgefonds van Loeb, Sony ook al onder vuur. 
De Chinese beurzen deden een stap terug. 
De beursgraadmeter in Shanghai noteerde tussentijds 0,5 procent in de min en de Hang Seng-index In Hongkong verloor 0,6 procent. 
De Kospi in Seoul zakte 0,5 procent. 
In Australië eindigde de All Ordinaries 0,2 procent in de plus. 
Investing.com - Litecoin noteerde vandaag om 14:45 (12:45 GMT) uur &#x24;48,826 op de Investing.com Index, na een verlies van 12,03% in een dag. 
Dit verlies verkleinde de marktkapitalisatie van Litecoin tot $3,332B, ofwel 1,51% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van Litecoin $14,099B. 
Litecoin handelde in een bereik tussen $48,826 en $53,464 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Litecoin een vermindering in zijn waarde gekend van 2,53%. 
Het volume van Litecoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;2,509B ofwel 4,26% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $48,8256 tot $55,6033. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Litecoin nog steeds 88,37% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $420,00 genoteerd op 12 december 2017. 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $7.604,2 in de Investing.com Index, 8,83% lager dan een dag geleden. 
Ethereum handelde op $161,73 op de Investing.com Index, met een verlies van 7,54%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu op $143,750B ofwel 65,18% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum een totaal van $18,148B bereikte, ofwel 8,23% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
Investing.com Nederland biedt een uitgebreide set van professionele tools voor de Forex, Grondstoffen, Futures en de Aandelenmarkt inclusief real-time data streaming, een uitgebreide economische kalender, maar ook financieel nieuws en technische & fundamentele Beurs analyses van in-house experts.Lees meer nieuws over Investing.com Nederland en download de nieuwe Investing.com App voor Android! 
N i e u w bericht, vervangt: Damrak begint met winst 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De Amsterdamse aandelenbeurs ging maandag verder vooruit na de stevige winst op vrijdag. 
Ook de andere Europese beurzen stonden in het groen. 
Beleggers trokken zich op aan beter dan verwachte cijfers over de bedrijvigheid in de Chinese economie. 
Verder bleef de blik gericht op de brexit en de handelsgesprekken tussen Washington en Peking. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde in de ochtendhandel 0,7 procent in de plus op 552,56 punten. 
De MidKap klom 1 procent tot 773,05 punten. 
De beurzen in Frankfurt en Parijs stegen tot 0,9 procent. 
Londen won 0,8 procent. 
Het Britse Lagerhuis stemt maandagavond weer over alternatieve brexitscenario's. 
Vorige week werden acht ingediende voorstellen, waaronder een no-dealbrexit en een douane-unie met de EU, weggestemd. 
Staalfabrikant ArcelorMittal profiteerde van de gunstige Chinese macrocijfers en was de sterkste stijger bij de hoofdfondsen met een winst van 3,8 procent. 
Galapagos stond onderaan met een verlies van 1,4 procent. 
De biotechnoloog won vrijdag ruim 22 procent na positieve testresultaten van zijn reumamiddel. 
In de MidKap ging postbedrijf PostNL aan kop met een plus van 5,1 procent na een adviesverhoging door Berenberg. 
Luchtvaartcombinatie Air France-KLM sloot de rij met een min van 1,8 procent na een waarschuwing van luchtvaartmaatschappij easyJet. 
EasyJet zakte in Londen ruim 7 procent. 
De Britse prijsvechter is voorzichtiger geworden over de prestaties dit boekjaar vanwege de aanhoudende onzekerheid rondom de brexit, die de vraag naar tickets tempert. 
Concurrent Ryanair verloor in Dublin meer dan 4 procent. 
De Europese autobouwers waren in trek. 
Peugeot Citroën klom 3,4 procent in Parijs. 
Volgens persbureau Bloomberg zijn de Franse automaker en Fiat Chrysler (plus 1,9 procent) in gesprek over een Europese samenwerking. 
Concurrent Renault, die volgens eerdere berichten ook interesse zou hebben in een samenwerking met Fiat Chrysler, steeg 3 procent. 
De euro was 1,1237 dollar waard, tegen 1,1222 dollar op vrijdag. 
De prijs van een vat Amerikaanse olie steeg 0,7 procent tot 60,56 dollar. 
Brent werd 1,1 procent duurder op 68,34 dollar per vat. 
Investing.com - Stellar noteerde vandaag om 02:11 (00:11 GMT) uur &#x24;0,12446 op de Investing.com Index, na een verlies van 10,12% in een dag. 
Dit verlies verkleinde de marktkapitalisatie van Stellar tot $2,45923B, ofwel 0,95% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van Stellar $12,12000B. 
Stellar handelde in een bereik tussen $0,12440 en $0,12883 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Stellar een vermindering in zijn waarde gekend van 6,41%. 
Het volume van Stellar dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;450,49364M ofwel 0,58% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $0,1244 tot $0,1439. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Stellar nog steeds 86,47% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $0,92 genoteerd op 3 januari 2018. 
Bitcoin stond meest recentelijk op $7.863,2 in de Investing.com Index, 11,00% lager dan een dag geleden. 
Ethereum handelde op $242,81 op de Investing.com Index, met een verlies van 10,79%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin staat nu op $142,37298B ofwel 54,91% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum een totaal van $26,18703B bereikte, ofwel 10,10% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
Investing.com Nederland biedt een uitgebreide set van professionele tools voor de Forex, Grondstoffen, Futures en de Aandelenmarkt inclusief real-time data streaming, een uitgebreide economische kalender, maar ook financieel nieuws en technische & fundamentele Beurs analyses van in-house experts.Lees meer nieuws over Investing.com Nederland en download de nieuwe Investing.com App voor Android! 
Het rentebesluit van de Europese Centrale Bank zette beurzen in Europa korte tijd hoger, maar daar lijkt geen sprake van te zijn in de VS. De drie hoofdindices Dow Jones, S&P 500 en Nasdaq staan kort na de openingsbel flink lager. 
Daarmee zijn ze op weg zijn naar hun derde verliesdag op rij. 
Woensdag daalde de S&P 500 al ongeveer een halve procent, net als de Dow Jones. 
De Nasdaq sloot zelfs bijna een procent lager. 
Beleggers reageerden toen op het rapport van loonstrookjesverwerker ADP, die liet weten dat er vorige maand minder banen bij zijn gekomen dan verwacht. 
De cijfers van ADP gelden als een voorloper voor de officiële arbeidsmarktcijfers van het Amerikaanse ministerie van arbeid, die vrijdag worden gepubliceerd. 
Op de valutamarkten wint de dollar drie tienden op de euro. 
De munt gaat naar $1,1270. 
Dat gebeurde in reactie op het rentebesluit van de ECB. 
Analisten hadden juist verwacht dat de ECB hier pas in april een besluit over zou nemen. 
De olieprijzen stijgen. 
Voor een termijncontract op een vat Brent-olie, richtsnoer voor de markt, betalen beleggers 's middags $66,80, dat is ongeveer een procent meer dan woensdag. 
Amazon, JP Morgan en Berkshire Hathaway noemen hun zorginitiatief Haven. 
Daarmee willen de drie bedrijven de almaar stijgende zorgkosten in de VS een halt toeroepen. 
Het bedrijf moet mensen beter toegang bieden tot betaalbare behandelingen en medicijnen en ze op weg helpen in het complexe zorgsysteem, aldus CNBC. 
Het geplaagde General Electric heeft een bank in de hand genomen om te onderzoeken of het bedrijf zijn aandeel in een joint venture die is gericht op hernieuwbare energie moet verkopen, meldt Reuters. 
Het Italiaanse Enel is de andere partij in de joint venture. 
Het aandeel zou zo'n $1 mrd waard zijn. 
Amsterdam 
De Europese beurzen zijn donderdag met winsten de handel uitgegaan. 
Ook reageerde de markt op het laatste rentebesluit van de Europese Centrale Bank (ECB) onder ECB-president Mario Draghi. 
Daarbij viel op dat de Italiaan afscheid nam met een nogal sombere kijk op de economie van de eurozone. 
De AEX-index in Amsterdam sloot 1,1 procent hoger op 582,37 punten. 
De MidKap klom 0,8 procent tot 864,39 punten. 
Parijs en Frankfurt wonnen elk zo'n 0,6 procent. 
Londen kreeg er 1 procent bij en de beurs in Istanbul steeg 0,6 procent, na het intrekken van de Amerikaanse sancties ­tegen Turkije. 
RELX (plus 3,7 procent) was een van de sterkste stijgers in de AEX. 
De informatieleverancier zag de omzet in de eerste negen maanden van het jaar stijgen en ligt weer op koers om de doelen voor dit jaar te halen. 
Bij de middelgrote bedrijven vielen de kwartaalcijfers van advies- en ingenieursbureau Arcadis (plus 6,1 procent) en chipleverancier Besi (plus 8,3 procent) in goede aarde. 
Een dag na een uiterst beroerde sessie maakt Wall Street zich op voor revanche. 
Een kleine anderhalf uur voor de opening van de Amerikaanse aandelenbeurzen wijzen de futureskoersen op plussen van rond een procent. 
Ook de Europese beurzen laten voorzichtig herstel zien. 
Technologieaandelen werden maandag het hardst getroffen, met een min van 3,4% voor de Nasdaq Composite. 
De Dow Jones Industrial Average kwam 2,4% lager uit en de S&P500 eindigde eveneens 2,4% onder de slotstand van vrijdag. 
De olieprijs staat 1,1% hoger op $61,70 voor een vat WTI, na berichten over een drone-aanval op Saoedi-Arabische olie-installaties. 
De Amerikaanse tienjaarsrente plust een basispunt tot 2,41%. 
Een euro is 0,1% duurder dan maandag, op $1,1230. 
Beleggers in Amerikaanse aandelen kunnen dinsdag reageren op het staartje van het cijferseizoen. 
Ook zullen opnieuw veel ogen gericht zijn op de prestaties van Uber, dat vrijdag een teleurstellend debuut maakte en ook gisteren behoorlijk wat terrein moest prijsgeven. 
Facebook krijgt mogelijk de rekening gepresenteerd voor een nieuw privacyprobleem, dat vandaag werd gemeld door de Financial Times. 
Via de app van dochterbedrijf WhatsApp zou spyware van een Israëlisch bedrijf zijn verspreid, waarmee het tot afgelopen weekend mogelijk was gesprekken af te luisteren. 
De kans dat de 737 Max, het probleemtoestel van Boeing , voor eind augustus weer zal vliegen, lijkt steeds kleiner te worden. 
Daarmee bezorgen de sores van vliegtuigbouwer Boeing veel vliegmaatschappijen - die hoopten in het drukke zomerseizoen weer gebruik kunnen maken van het vliegtuig - de nodige hoofdbrekens. 
Dit meldt The Wall Street Journal. 
Investing.com - Bitcoin passeerde op donderdag het niveau van &#x24;10.018,2. 
Bitcoin noteerde &#x24;10.018,2 op de Investing.com Index op donderdag om 08:30 (06:30 GMT), na een stijging van 4,66% in een dag. 
Het was de grootste procentuele stijging in één dag sinds 15 juli. 
Deze winst vergrootte de marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin tot $176,4B, ofwel 65,48% van de marktkapitalisatie van alle cryptovaluta. 
Op haar hoogste punt was de marktkapitalisatie van Bitcoin $241,2B. 
Bitcoin handelde in een bereik tussen $9.617,8 en $10.027,9 in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur. 
In de afgelopen zeven dagen heeft Bitcoin een vermindering in zijn waarde gekend van 15,07%. 
Het volume van Bitcoin dat in de afgelopen vierentwintig uur werd verhandeld was &#x24;23,9B ofwel 29,44% van het totale volume van alle cryptovaluta. 
Het is in de afgelopen zeven dagen verhandeld in een bereik van $9.082,5625 tot $11.881,4180. 
Op zijn huidige prijsniveau staat Bitcoin nog steeds 49,58% lager dan zijn hoogste punt van $19.870,62 genoteerd op 17 december 2017. 
Ethereum stond meest recentelijk op $219,53 in de Investing.com Index, 8,06% hoger dan een dag geleden. 
XRP handelde op $0,31693 op de Investing.com Index, met een winst van 5,78%. 
De marktkapitalisatie van Ethereum staat nu op $23,3B ofwel 8,66% van de marktwaarde van alle cryptovaluta, terwijl de marktkapitalisatie van XRP een totaal van $13,5B bereikte, ofwel 5,01% van de totale marktwaarde van de cryptovaluta. 
Investing.com Nederland biedt een uitgebreide set van professionele tools voor de Forex, Grondstoffen, Futures en de Aandelenmarkt inclusief real-time data streaming, een uitgebreide economische kalender, maar ook financieel nieuws en technische & fundamentele Beurs analyses van in-house experts.Lees meer nieuws over Investing.com Nederland en download de nieuwe Investing.com App voor Android! 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De aandelenbeurs in Amsterdam bleef dinsdag dicht bij huis. 
Ook de andere Europese beurzen lieten weinig beweging zien. 
Beleggers verwerkten de verlaging van de economische groeiprognose van China en de lagere slotstanden op Wall Street. 
Op het Damrak kwam TKH Group nog met cijfers en kampte Altice Europe nadrukkelijk met een adviesverlaging. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde in de ochtendhandel 0,1 procent in de plus op 541,53 punten. 
De MidKap klom 0,2 procent tot 776,41 punten. 
De beursgraadmeters in Frankfurt, Parijs en Londen stegen tot 0,2 procent. 
Peking verwacht dat de groei van het bruto binnenlands product in 2019 zal uitkomen in een bandbreedte van 6 tot 6,5 procent. 
Eerder werd nog gerekend op een economische groei van ongeveer 6,5 procent. 
Grootste daler bij de hoofdfondsen in Amsterdam was kabel- en telecombedrijf Altice Europe met een verlies van bijna 9 procent na een adviesverlaging door Barclays. 
Daarnaast verdwijnt het aandeel bij de jaarlijkse herweging op 18 maart uit de AEX-index. 
Verlichtingsbedrijf Signify, dat ook degradeert naar de MidKap, daalde 1,9 procent na tegenvallende resultaten van de Oostenrijkse concurrent Zumtobel. 
Het aandeel Zumtobel zakte 5 procent in Wenen. 
Levensmiddelenconcern Unilever was de grootste stijger in de AEX met een winst van 1 procent. 
In de MidKap ging OCI (plus 1,7 procent) aan kop. 
De kunstmestproducent steeg een dag eerder ruim 14 procent na berichten dat het Saudische petrochemische concern Sabic een bod overweegt op de methanoltak van OCI. 
TKH Group klom 1,8 procent. 
Het technologiebedrijf wist in het slotkwartaal van 2018 de stijgende lijn vast te houden. 
In Londen won Vodafone 2 procent. 
De Britse telecomreus wil 4 miljard euro ophalen met de uitgifte van obligaties om de overname van onderdelen van Liberty Global te financieren. 
De Britse retailer Debenhams zakte 5 procent na een winstalarm. 
De euro bleef vrijwel ongewijzigd op 1,1320 dollar. 
De prijs van een vat Amerikaanse olie daalde 0,7 procent tot 56,22 dollar. 
Brent kostte 0,5 procent minder en werd verhandeld voor 65,33 dollar per vat. 
NEW YORK (ANP) - De aandelenbeurzen in New York zijn maandag opnieuw in de plus gesloten. 
Daarmee borduurde Wall Street voort op de sterke koerswinsten van vrijdag, toen een beter dan verwacht banenrapport en uitlatingen van Federal Reserve-voorzitter Jerome Powell duidelijk voor opluchting onder beleggers zorgden. 
De markten hielden de ontwikkelingen rond de handelsbesprekingen tussen China en de Verenigde Staten nauwlettend in de gaten. 
De Dow-Jonesindex noteerde aan het slot 0,4 procent hoger op 23.531,35 punten. 
De brede S&P 500 klom 0,7 procent tot 2549,69 punten en de technologiebeurs Nasdaq won 1,3 procent tot 6823,47 punten. 
Een Amerikaanse delegatie voert maandag en dinsdag in China nieuw overleg over de gemaakte afspraken tussen de presidenten Donald Trump en Xi Jinping. 
De twee leiders sloten in december een wapenstilstand van negentig dagen, met als doel binnen die periode een handelsdeal te bereiken. 
Verder bleef de aanhoudende shutdown van de Amerikaanse overheid de gemoederen bezighouden. 
Qua bedrijven wist onder meer supermarktketen Kroger (plus 0,9 procent) de aandacht op zich gericht. 
Het bedrijf werkt samen met techconcern Microsoft aan innovaties in de supermarktsector. 
Kroger wil onder meer de concurrentie aangaan met webwinkelreus Amazon (plus 3,4 procent). 
De fabrikant van elektrische auto's Tesla werd 5,4 procent hoger gezet. 
Tesla is maandag officieel begonnen met de bouw van zijn Chinese megafabriek in Shanghai. 
Farmaceut Eli Lilly (plus 0,5 procent) deed een bod op biotechnoloog Loxo Oncology van circa 8 miljard dollar. 
Loxo sprong ruim 60 procent omhoog. 
Ook was er aandacht voor discountketen Dollar Tree die 5,5 procent steeg. 
De activistische investeerder Starboard Value, die een belang nam in de keten, stuurt aan op een opsplitsing van het bedrijf en prijsverhogingen. 
De euro was 1,1475 dollar waard, tegen 1,1466 dollar bij het slot van de Europese handel. 
Een vat Amerikaanse olie steeg 1,5 procent in prijs tot 48,67 dollar. 
Brentolie werd 0,8 procent duurder op 57,54 dollar per vat. 
N i e u w bericht, vervangt: AEX opent met nipte winst 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - De banken en verzekeraars stonden donderdag onder druk op het Damrak na het besluit van de Federal Reserve (Fed) de rente dit jaar niet verder te verhogen. 
De Europese beurzen gingen overwegend licht vooruit. 
Beleggers hielden de blik gericht op de EU-top in Brussel, waar de brexit op de agenda staat, en het rentebesluit van de Bank of England. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 noteerde in de ochtendhandel 0,3 procent in de plus op 549,09 punten. 
De MidKap steeg 0,2 procent tot 773,96 punten. 
De beursgraadmeter in Frankfurt daalde 0,3 procent en Parijs bleef nagenoeg ongewijzigd. 
Londen steeg 0,5 procent. 
De EU-leiders buigen zich over het verzoek van de Britse premier Theresa May om het vertrek van het Verenigd Koninkrijk uit de Europese Unie uit te stellen tot 30 juni. 
Koplopers bij de hoofdfondsen op het Damrak waren chipmachinemaker ASML en staalfabrikant ArcelorMittal met winsten van 1,6 procent. 
De verzekeraars Aegon en NN Group sloten de rij met verliezen van 1,6 en 1,5 procent. 
ASR leverde 1,2 procent in. 
De verzekeraar verkoopt een deel van de bancaire activiteiten van ASR Bank aan Achmea. 
ING verloor 0,6 procent ondanks een adviesverhoging door RBC, en ABN AMRO daalde 0,8 procent. 
Ook elders in Europa werden de financiële bedrijven van de hand gedaan. 
In Parijs daalde BNP Paribas 1,3 procent en in Frankfurt verloor Deutsche Bank 3,3 procent. 
De Zwitserse bank UBS zakte in Zürich 2,1 procent. 
Bij de kleinere bedrijven zakte Sif 0,9 procent. 
De funderingsspecialist sloot 2018 af met een verlies van 2,1 miljoen euro, tegen een winst van bijna 31 miljoen euro een jaar eerder. 
Sif kampte naar eigen zeggen met een lage benutting van de productiecapaciteit. 
De euro was 1,1422 dollar waard, tegen 1,1351 dollar een dag eerder. 
Een vat Amerikaanse olie werd 0,5 procent goedkoper op 59,92 dollar. 
De prijs van Brent zakte 0,4 procent tot 68,22 dollar per vat. 
AMSTERDAM (ANP) - Bodemonderzoeker Fugro stal woensdag de show op de beurs in Amsterdam. 
Het MidKap-fonds kreeg er na meevallende resultaten ruim een vijfde aan beurswaarde bij. 
GrandVision en Air France-KLM vielen eveneens erg in de smaak. 
Beleggers verwerkten niet alleen veel bedrijfsnieuws, ook werd uitgekeken naar het rentebesluit van de Amerikaanse Federal Reserve later op de avond. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 sloot 0,4 procent lager op 572,09 punten. 
De MidKap klom 1,2 procent tot 822,64 punten. 
Parijs en Frankfurt stegen tot 0,3 procent. 
Londen daalde 0,7 procent. 
Fugro was met een plus van 21,6 procent met afstand de grootste stijger bij de middelgrote fondsen. 
De bodemonderzoeker leed in de eerste jaarhelft opnieuw verlies, maar voorziet een verdere verbetering in de rest van het jaar. 
Logistiek vastgoedbedrijf WDP behoorde daarentegen tot de dalers bij de middelgrote fondsen met een min van 3,2 procent, na tegenvallende resultaten. 
GrandVision dikte 7,1 procent aan. 
De Frans-Italiaanse brillenreus EssilorLuxottica (plus 3,5 procent) neemt het belang van bijna 77 procent in het optiekbedrijf over van investeerder HAL (plus 1,3 procent) voor 28 euro per aandeel. 
Luchtvaartcombinatie Air France-KLM, die ook met cijfers kwam, steeg 8,5 procent. 
In de AEX ging Vopak 3 procent vooruit. 
Het tankopslagbedrijf wist de winstgevendheid afgelopen kwartaal sterker op te voeren dan verwacht. 
Maaltijdbestelbedrijf Takeaway en informatieleverancier Wolters Kluwer, die beide ook de boeken openden, gingen respectievelijk 3,7 procent omhoog en 0,1 procent omlaag. 
Elders in Europa trok Aston Martin de aandacht. 
De automaker leed in de eerste jaarhelft een fors verlies en kelderde zo'n 12 procent in Londen. 
In Parijs won BNP Paribas bijna 2 procent na een sterk kwartaal van de Franse bank. 
De Franse cosmeticamaker L'Oréal werd juist ruim 2 procent lager gezet na publicatie van halfjaarcijfers. 
De euro was 1,1132 dollar waard, tegen 1,1147 dollar een dag eerder. 
Een vat Amerikaanse olie werd 0,6 procent duurder op 58,43 dollar. 
Brentolie klom 0,8 procent in prijs tot 65,22 dollar per vat. 
Amsterdam 
De AEX-index is maandag nagenoeg onveranderd gesloten. 
De andere Europese aandelenbeurzen toonden overwegend minnen. 
Beleggers kauwden op macro-economische cijfers uit China, waar de economie in het vierde kwartaal in het traagste tempo sinds 2009 groeide. 
Richting uit de Verenigde Staten was er niet, omdat Wall Street gesloten bleef vanwege Martin Luther King Day. 
De AEX-index op Beursplein 5 eindigde met een marginaal plusje op 509,88 punten. 
De MidKap klom 0,8 procent tot 709,23 punten. 
De hoofdgraadmeters in Parijs en Frankfurt verloren respectievelijk 0,2 procent en 0,6 procent. 
Londen eindigde ook vlak. 
De Britse premier Theresa May zei, tijdens de beurshandel, dat ze nog een keer gaat kijken naar het probleem van de 'backstop' over de grens tussen het Verenigd Koninkrijk en Ierland. 
Telecomconcern KPN was de grootste daler bij de hoofdfondsen met een verlies van 1,4 procent, verlichtingsbedrijf Signify de grootste stijger (+2,3 procent). 
Vannacht blijft het bewolkt en op veel plaatsen nevelig met in Limburg lokaal mist. 
In het zuiden is er kans op wat lichte (mot)regen. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 2°C. 
De noordoostenwind blijft matig. 
Morgen overdag houdt de bewolking de overhand met in het zuiden af en toe lichte (mot)regen. 
In het noordoosten kan in de loop van de middag nog even de zon doorbreken. 
De middagtemperatuur wordt ongeveer 5°C. 
De noordoostenwind is matig, in het noordelijk kustgebied en op het IJsselmeer vrij krachtig. 
In de nacht naar dinsdag zijn er wolkenvelden en blijft het droog. 
De minima lopen uiteen van +2°C in het zuidwesten tot -3°C in het noordoosten. 
De noordoostenwind wordt zwak tot matig. 
Dinsdag overdag zijn er wolkenvelden, de meeste in het zuiden van het land. 
Meer naar het noorden toe laat de zon zich af en toe zien. 
Het blijft droog en de middagtemperatuur ligt rond 4°C. 
De wind wordt matig en komt uit een oostelijke richting. 
Vanavond en komende nacht zijn er vooral in het zuiden brede opklaringen. 
In het midden en noorden zijn er soms ook wolkenvelden. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt in de opklaringsgebieden rond -2°C en zeer lokaal kan het glad worden. 
De wind komt uit oost tot noordoost en is zwak tot matig, aan zee en boven het IJsselmeer matig tot vrij krachtig en aan de westkust eerst nog af en toe krachtig. 
Later in de nacht neemt de wind aan de kust iets af. 
Morgen overdag zijn er naast wolkenvelden vooral in het zuiden zonnige perioden. 
Het blijft vrijwel overal droog en de maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 2°C. 
De oostenwind is zwak tot matig. 
Een gebied met sneeuwval boven het westen trekt oostwaarts en breidt zich in de loop van de middag over het hele land uit. 
In het oosten is eerst nog wat zon mogelijk. 
In de loop van de middag en avond wordt het van het westen uit overwegend droog, maar in het oosten kan dan nog wat sneeuw blijven vallen. 
Er vormt zich in totaal een sneeuwdek van 1-3 cm, vooral in het oosten mogelijk iets meer. 
In de kustgebieden is vanmiddag en vanavond nog een enkele (winterse) bui mogelijk. 
Vanavond kunnen bovendien nevel en lokaal mist ontstaan. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt op veel plaatsen net iets boven het vriespunt, alleen langs de westkust loopt de temperatuur iets verder op. 
De zuidelijke wind is matig, langs de kust en op het IJsselmeer (vrij) krachtig. 
In de middag draait de wind in het westen naar zuidwestelijke richtingen en neemt daarbij af. 
Komende nacht is het bewolkt en nevelig en vooral in het westen van het land kan er ook mist voorkomen. 
Het blijft op de meeste plaatsen droog, maar in het uiterste zuidwesten kan er nog een sneeuwbui voorkomen. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond -2°C. 
Door sneeuwresten en bevriezing van natte weggedeelten blijft het plaatselijk glad. 
De wind is zwak tot matig en draait in de loop van de nacht van zuid naar oost. 
Woensdag overdag blijft het bewolkt en aanvankelijk ook nevelig, zeer lokaal zou er nog wat lichte sneeuw kunnen vallen. 
De maxima lopen uiteen van +0°C in het oosten tot +3°C vlak aan zee. 
De kans op lokale gladheid blijft bestaan. 
De wind is zwak tot matig en draait in de loop van de dag naar noordoostelijke richtingen. 
Het is bewolkt en er zijn perioden met buiige regen. 
De temperatuur ligt rond een graad of 6. 
Komende uren draait de zuidwestenwind naar  west- tot noordwest en neemt in het westen toe naar vrij krachtig, aan zee krachtig. 
Vanavond trekt de wind langs de zuidwestkust verder aan en wordt daar stormachtig. 
Bovendien kunnen daar dan zware windstoten voorkomen van 75-90 km/uur, vlak aan zee 90-100 km/uur. 
Boven land wordt de wind in het zuiden vrij krachtig tot krachtig, 5-6 Bft. 
Boven het noorden wordt de wind zwak tot matig uit een zuidwestelijke richting. 
In de nacht naar maandag is het bewolkt en regenachtig, in de Limburgse heuvels kan ook (natte) sneeuw voorkomen waardoor het even wit kan worden. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 3°C. 
De wind draait overal naar noordwest en wordt boven land (vrij) krachtig, 5-6 Bft en langs de westkust en later ook op het IJsselmeer hard tot stormachtig, 7-8 Bft. 
Daarbij komen langs de kust dan ook windstoten voor tot ca. 80 km/uur. 
Maandagochtend is het bewolkt en regent het nog af en toe. 
In de loop van de ochtend trekt de regen oostwaarts weg en klaart het van het westen uit op. 
De rest van de dag is er een afwisseling van zon en stapelwolken en trekken er van het noordwesten nog enkele (winterse) buien over het land. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 6°C. 
De noordwestelijke wind neemt geleidelijk af naar matig, aan de kust en op het IJsselmeer naar (vrij) krachtig. 
Er is veel bewolking en hier en daar motregent het. 
De temperaturen liggen rond 9°C. 
De zuid- tot zuidwestenwind neemt toe naar matig, in de avond aan zee en op het IJsselmeer naar krachtig, mogelijk hard. 
Komende nacht is het bewolkt en gaat het op steeds meer plaatsen regenen. 
Met een temperatuur van circa 8°C wordt het niet koud. 
De zuidwestenwind is vrij krachtig, langs de kust en op het IJsselmeer krachtig tot hard. 
Zondag overdag is het bewolkt en valt er geruime tijd regen. 
In de middag en avond wordt het van het zuiden uit geleidelijk op steeds meer plaatsen droog. 
De maximumtemperatuur bedraagt ongeveer 11°C, in het noorden wordt deze temperatuur pas in de avond bereikt. 
De zuidwestenwind is matig tot vrij krachtig, langs de kust en op het IJsselmeer krachtig. 
In de avond neemt de wind langs de kust toe naar hard. 
Het is bewolkt en een gebied met regen en motregen trekt van zuidwest naar noordoost. 
In de middag breekt de bewolking maar van het noordwesten uit trekken enkele buien zuidoostwaarts. 
In de avond wordt het droog. 
De maximumtemperatuur komt uit rond 12°C. 
De vlagerige westenwind is (vrij) krachtig, aan de kust krachtig tot hard, 6 tot 7 Bft. 
In de middag is er kans op zware windstoten van 75-90 km/u, met name in het noorden van het land. 
In de avond neemt de wind af. 
In de nacht naar zaterdag is er veel bewolking. 
In het zuiden valt af en toe regen of motregen. 
De minima lopen uiteen van lokaal 3°C in het noordoosten en oosten tot 7°C in het uiterste zuidwesten. 
Er staat een matige, aan zee en op het IJsselmeer vrij krachtige, in het Waddengebied krachtige westenwind. 
In de loop van de nacht draait de wind in de zuidelijke helft naar zuidwest en neemt af naar zwak, aan zee naar matig. 
Elders blijft de wind westelijk, maar neemt af naar matig, in het Waddengebied naar vrij krachtig. 
Zaterdagochtend gaat het van het zuiden uit overal regenen. 
In de middag wordt het van het zuidwesten uit droog, maar er blijft veel bewolking aanwezig. 
De middagtemperaturen liggen tussen 8°C in het noordoosten en 13°C in het midden en zuiden. 
De wind draait overal naar zuidwest en neemt in de loop van de ochtend en middag toe naar vrij krachtig, aan zee en op het IJsselmeer naar krachtig tot hard, 6-7 Bft. 
In de kustgebieden is er kans op zware windstoten van circa 80 km/u. 
In de avond neemt de zuidwestenwind landinwaarts af naar matig. 
Het is bewolkt en vooral in de noordelijke helft van het land regent het nog. 
De regen trekt verder naar het noordoosten weg. 
Vanmiddag blijft er veel bewolking aanwezig en is het overwegend droog. 
De middagtemperaturen liggen tussen 9°C in het noorden en 12°C in het zuiden. 
De zuidwestenwind is (vrij) krachtig boven land en hard tot stormachtig langs de kust en boven het IJsselmeer. 
In de westelijke en noordelijke kustgebieden komen daarbij zware windstoten van circa 75-90 km/u voor. 
In de avond neemt de wind landinwaarts af naar matig. 
Komende nacht is het eerst meest droog, later gaat het van het westen uit opnieuw regenen. 
De minimumtemperatuur komt uit rond 6°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is vrij krachtig, aan zee en boven het IJsselmeer hard tot stormachtig, 7-8 Bft. 
In de loop van de nacht draait de wind van het westen uit naar een westelijke richting en neemt daarbij af tot matig, aan zee tot (vrij) krachtig. 
Zondagochtend trekt de regen naar het oosten weg maar al vrij snel volgen er dan buien, soms vergezeld van onweer en hagel. 
Tussen de buien door breekt de zon even door. 
In de avond neemt de buiigheid tijdelijk af. 
De middagtemperatuur wordt 7 à 8°C en de westelijke wind is matig, aan zee krachtig. 
Vandaag is het zonnig en schraal. 
In het noorden drijven enkele wolkenvelden vanaf zee binnen. 
De middagtemperaturen liggen tussen 8°C in het Waddengebied en 13°C plaatselijk in het zuiden. 
De noordoostenwind is overwegend matig, aan de kust en op het IJsselmeer (vrij) krachtig. 
Komende nacht is het helder. 
In het noorden van het land zijn ook enkele wolkenvelden aanwezig. 
De minimumtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 3°C in het zuidwestelijk kustgebied tot -2°C plaatselijk in het noordoosten. 
De noord- tot noordoostenwind is zwak tot matig, aan de kust (vrij) krachtig. 
Morgenochtend is het zonnig, alleen in het noorden en oosten zijn er enkele wolkenvelden aanwezig. 
In de loop van de middag neemt de bewolking van het noordoosten uit toe, landinwaarts ontstaan stapelwolken. 
In het zuiden en zuidwesten blijft het onbewolkt. 
De middagtemperaturen liggen tussen 7°C in het Waddengebied en 13°C plaatselijk in het zuiden. 
De wind is noordoostelijk en overwegend matig. 
Komende nacht klaart het op, alleen in het noorden trekken ook enkele wolkenvelden over. 
Het blijft droog. 
Hier en daar kan grondmist ontstaan. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 10°C, in het oosten komt er lokaal vorst aan de grond voor. 
en de noordelijke wind is zwak tot matig. 
Overdag is er naast zon ook (sluier)bewolking en blijft het droog. 
De middagtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 19°C vlak aan zee tot 24°C in het zuidoosten van het land. 
De wind waait uit richtingen tussen west en noord en is zwak tot matig. 
In de nacht naar vrijdag wordt vooral in het noorden en oosten de bewolking dikker. 
Het blijft droog. 
Het koelt af naar ongeveer 15°C. 
De wind draait naar west en wordt matig, langs de noordkust en boven het IJsselmeer tijdelijk vrij krachtig. 
Vrijdag begint vooral in het noorden met veel bewolking. 
In de middag zijn er zonnige perioden. 
De middagtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 18°C aan zee tot 25°C in het zuidoosten. 
De wind blijft overwegend westelijk en matig. 
Het is vandaag wisselend bewolkt. 
De zon is af en toe te zien, maar er trekken ook enkele buien over het land. 
De kans op een bui is het grootst in de noordelijke helft van het land. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond de 18°C. 
De noordwestenwind is zwak tot matig, in het Waddengebied af en toe vrij krachtig. 
Morgen verandert er nog niet veel in het weerbeeld. 
Er blijven wolkenvelden over trekken met overdag ook hier en daar zon. 
Verder blijft het op veel plaatsen droog. 
Alleen in het noordoosten valt er mogelijk nog wat lichte regen. 
In de nacht koelt het af naar zo'n 10°C, overdag lopen de maxima uiteen van 17°C vlak aan zee tot 21°C in het zuidoosten van het land. 
De wind is overwegend noordwest, zwak tot matig, in het Waddengebied eerst nog vrij krachtig. 
Vanavond is het op de meeste plaatsen zonnig en de nog aanwezige bewolking lost geleidelijk op. 
De matige wind is noordwestelijk, in het oosten zwak en veranderlijk. 
In de loop van de avond wordt de wind op steeds meer plaatsen zwak. 
Vannacht is het helder en blijft het droog. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 14°C. 
De wind draait naar het oosten en is zwak tot matig. 
Morgen overdag is het zonnig en in de middag ontstaan er enkele stapelwolken. 
In de middag is er in de noord(west)elijke helft kans op een enkele (onweers)bui, mogelijk met windstoten tot 60 km/u. 
In de avond neemt van het zuidwesten uit de kans op een bui verder toe, daarbij komt mogelijk onweer voor en ook windstoten tot 60 km/u zijn niet helemaal uitgesloten. 
Met een matige zuidelijke wind wordt er warmere lucht aangevoerd waardoor de maximumtemperatuur uitkomt op 25°C in het westen en ongeveer 30°C in het oosten van het land. 
Vanmiddag zijn er vrij veel stapelwolken maar is de zon ook af en toe te zien. 
Het blijft op de meeste plaatsen droog en de middagtemperatuur ligt rond 22°C. 
Gedurende de avond wordt de bewolking van het westen uit dikker en gaat er vooral in het westen af en toe wat lichte regen vallen. 
De zuidwestenwind is matig, langs de kust (vrij) krachtig. 
In de nacht naar zaterdag is het bewolkt en regent het in vrijwel het gehele land. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 17°C en de zuidwestenwind is matig, aan zee (vrij) krachtig. 
Zaterdag is het bewolkt en regent het van tijd tot tijd. 
In de loop van de middag wordt het van het westen uit droog en kunnen er enkele opklaringen binnendrijven. 
In het zuidoosten blijft er kans op een enkele bui. 
De zuidwestenwind blijft matig, aan zee (vrij) krachtig en de middagtemperatuur ligt rond 22°C. 
Vannacht is er weinig bewolking. 
De minima liggen tussen lokaal 9°C landinwaarts en een graad of 15 langs de kust. 
De wind draait naar het zuidoosten en is zwak, langs de kust matig. 
Morgen overdag zijn er zonnige perioden en wordt er warmere lucht aangevoerd. 
Pas later in de middag en avond komt er meer bewolking en in de avond komen er enkele buien voor, landinwaarts mogelijk met onweer. 
De maximumtemperaturen komen uit tussen 25°C op de Wadden en 31°C in het zuidoosten en oosten. 
De zuid- tot zuidwestelijke wind is matig. 
Aan het einde van de middag en in de avond draait de wind vanuit het zuidwesten naar een westelijke richting en neemt daarbij tijdelijk in kracht toe. 
Daardoor koelt het af naar een graad of 20. 
Het is half tot zwaar bewolkt en op veel plaatsen komen buien of buiige regen voor. 
Hierbij kan onweer voorkomen. 
Plaatselijk valt er veel neerslag, wat voor wateroverlast kan zorgen. 
Het buiengebied trekt later vanavond en vannacht zuidwaarts. 
De temperatuur loopt uiteen van 10°C in het noorden tot 15°C in het zuiden. 
De zuidwestelijke wind is zwak tot matig, aan de kust af en toe vrij krachtig. 
In het noorden is de wind noordoostelijk. 
Vanavond wordt de wind op steeds meer plaatsen noordoostelijk, behalve in het zuiden. 
Aan de westkust neemt de wind dan toe naar (vrij) krachtig. 
Komende nacht regent het in het zuidoosten nog af en toe. 
Elders is het aanvankelijk droog met opklaringen. 
In het noordelijk kustgebied volgen later enkele buien. 
De minima liggen tussen 10 °C in het zuiden en 6°C in het noordoosten. 
De noordelijke wind is zwak tot matig, aan de kust (vrij) krachtig. 
Morgen overdag zijn er zonnige perioden afgewisseld door een enkele bui. 
In de loop van de middag komen er van het noorden uit meer buien, dan is ook onweer mogelijk. 
In het noordwestelijk kustgebied kunnen hierbij (zware) windstoten voor komen. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 14°C. 
De wind draait naar noordwest, is matig tot vrij krachtig en aan de kust krachtig, later af en toe hard. 
Het is vrijwel overal bewolkt met van tijd tot tijd regen. 
In het uiterste noordoosten van het land blijft het droog. 
In het uiterste zuiden zijn er enkele opklaringen maar komen er ook buien voor, mogelijk met onweer. 
In de loop van de avond valt er alleen in het zuiden nog af en toe regen of motregen en klaart het in het noorden op. 
De wind komt uit oost tot zuidoost en is overwegend matig, vanmiddag in het westen en noorden af en toe vrij krachtig. 
Aan zee en op het IJsselmeer is de wind vrij krachtig tot krachtig, 5 à 6 Bft. 
In het uiterste zuiden is de wind vanavond enige tijd zuidwest tot west. 
Komende nacht breiden de opklaringen zich verder uit. 
In het zuiden blijft het echter bewolkt met af en toe regen of motregen. 
De minimumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 1°C lokaal in het noordoosten tot 8°C in het zuidwesten. 
Er staat een overwegend matige oostelijke wind. 
Aan zee en op het IJsselmeer is de wind vrij krachtig, eerst nog krachtig. 
Morgen overdag zijn er vooral in het noorden en oosten perioden met zon, ondanks sluierbewolking. 
In het zuiden en westen is er meer bewolking aanwezig. 
Het blijft overdag vrijwel overal droog. 
In de avond raakt het overal bewolkt en gaat het van het westen uit van tijd tot tijd regenen. 
De middagtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 12°C in het noordoosten tot 15°C in het uiterste zuiden. 
De wind is overwegend matig en draait in de loop van de dag van oost naar zuid tot zuidwest. 
In de avond neemt de wind langs de kust en op het IJsselmeer toe naar vrij krachtig, mogelijk krachtig. 
Vannacht is er veel bewolking maar is het op de meeste plaatsen droog. 
Verder is het met name in het westen en noordwesten van het land nevelig. 
Onder de bewolking wordt het niet kouder dan 12°C, in een wat bredere opklaring kan het afkoelen tot 8°C. 
De wind is zuid tot zuidwest en is zwak tot matig. 
Overdag verdwijnt in de loop van de ochtend de eventuele mist. 
Er is vrij veel bewolking, maar af en toe zijn er ook opklaringen. 
Lokaal kan een lichte bui ontstaan. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 15°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is zwak tot matig, in de kustgebieden is de wind aanvankelijk west- tot noordwestelijk. 
Later in de middag wordt de wind overal zwak en veranderlijk. 
In de avond en in de nacht naar woensdag zijn er opklaringen en is er met name in het noorden en noordoosten kans op (dichte) mist. 
In het zuiden en westen is er meer bewolking en kan er mogelijk wat lichte regen vallen. 
De minima lopen uiteen van 6°C in het noordoosten en oosten tot 10°C in Zeeland. 
De oostelijke wind is meest zwak en aan de westkust zwak tot matig. 
Woensdag zijn er aanvankelijk wolkenvelden en kan er in het noordwesten mogelijk nog wat lichte regen vallen. 
In het noordoosten kan er tot het einde van de ochtend (dichte) mist voorkomen. 
In de loop van de dag komt van het zuiden uit de zon op steeds meer plaatsen tevoorschijn. 
Het wordt zacht met maxima van 14°C op de wadden tot lokaal 19°C in Limburg. 
De matige wind is eerst uit oost tot noordoost, maar draait in de loop van de dag naar oost tot zuidoost. 
Het is wisselend bewolkt en op de meeste plaatsen droog, alleen in het noordoosten zou soms nog wat lichte regen kunnen vallen. 
In de avond wordt de bewolking van het westen uit dikker en daar kan tegen middernacht wat lichte regen vallen. 
De maxima liggen rond 15°C. 
De wind is west tot noordwest en is matig, langs de kust vrij krachtig, in het oostelijk Waddengebied aanvankelijk nog krachtig. 
In de nacht naar donderdag is er veel bewolking, waaruit af en toe lichte regen valt. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 10°C. 
De zuidwestelijke wind is zwak tot matig. 
Donderdag overdag is er vrij veel bewolking, vooral in het westen en noorden kan af en toe lichte regen vallen. 
In de loop van de middag breekt in het zuiden de zon geleidelijk door. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt tussen 16°C in het noorden en 19°C in het zuiden van het land. 
De wind is zuidwestelijk en matig, aan de kust vrij krachtig. 
Vannacht zijn er brede opklaringen en gaan er mistbanken ontstaan, met name in het noorden en oosten. 
Langs de westkust is er nog een bui. 
De minima lopen uiteen van 11°C aan de kust tot 5°C plaatselijk landinwaarts. 
De wind is overwegend zwak uit zuidwest tot west. 
De ochtend begint met mist(banken), deze lossen in de eerste helft van de ochtend weer op. 
Daarna zijn er perioden met zon en op veel plaatsen blijft het droog. 
Toch zou er in het westen en noorden nog een enkele bui kunnen voorkomen. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 18°C. 
De westelijke wind is zwak tot matig. 
In de nacht naar dinsdag is er weinig bewolking en plaatselijk ontstaan weer mistbanken. 
De minima liggen tussen 10°C in het noordelijk kustgebied en plaatselijk 4°C landinwaarts. 
De wind is zwak en komt uit uiteenlopende richtingen. 
Dinsdag overdag zijn er flinke zonnige perioden en blijft het op de meeste plaatsen droog. 
In het noorden is er wat meer bewolking en kan een enkele bui tot ontwikkeling komen. 
De maxima lopen uiteen van 17°C in het noorden tot 20°C in het zuiden. 
De wind is zwak, in het noordelijk kustgebied matig, later mogelijk vrij krachtig uit het noordwesten. 
Vanaf zee trekken nog steeds buien over het land. 
Tussen de buien door laat de zon zich af en toe zien. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 13°C. 
De noordwestelijke wind is in het binnenland meest matig, in de kustgebieden en boven het IJsselmeer vrij krachtig tot krachtig. 
Vanavond neemt de wind af en draait boven land naar west. 
Vanavond neemt de activiteit van de buien af. 
Komende nacht neemt de bewolking van het noordwesten uit toe en gaat het vooral in het noorden en westen af en toe regenen. 
De minimumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 5°C in het oosten tot 12°C aan de kust. 
De wind draait naar een zuidwestelijke richting en is boven land zwak tot matig. 
Aan de kust neemt de wind in de loop van de nacht toe naar vrij krachtig en in het noordelijk kustgebied naar krachtig. 
Dinsdag overdag is het bewolkt en valt er af en toe regen of motregen. 
In de middag wordt het in het westen en noorden overwegend droog en klaart het wat op. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 15°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is matig, aan de kust krachtig en in het noordelijk kustgebied enige tijd hard. 
In de loop van de middag draait de wind naar west tot noordwest en neemt aan de westkust wat af. 
Het is op veel plaatsen zonnig, al komen er vooral in het westen ook enkele wolkenvelden voor. 
Het blijft droog en de temperatuur loopt uiteen van 20°C graden op de Wadden tot 24°C in het oosten. 
De wind uit zuid tot zuidoost is matig, aan de westkust mogelijk vrij krachtig. 
Komende nacht drijven er enkele wolkenvelden over en het blijft op de meeste plaatsen droog. 
De minima liggen rond 14°C en er staat een zwakke tot matige wind uit zuid tot zuidoost. 
Morgen overdag zijn er vooral in het westen wolkenvelden, verder naar het oosten is er ook geregeld zon. 
Er is een kleine kans op een bui en de maximumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 17°C op de Wadden tot 24°C in het zuidoosten. 
Er staat een zwakke tot matige zuid- tot zuidwestenwind. 
Vandaag zijn er perioden met zon, al kan deze wel af en toe afgeschermd worden door sluierbewolking. 
In het noordwesten is 's ochtends eerst lage bewolking en lokaal ook mist aanwezig. 
Het blijft overal droog en de maximumtemperatuur bedraagt 3°C, in de avond daalt het kwik al snel weer tot onder het vriespunt. 
De matige (zuid)oostenwind maakt het voor het gevoel nog wat kouder. 
In de nacht naar zondag is het helder, in het noordoosten kan een enkele mistbank ontstaan. 
De minimumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van -3°C aan de kust tot -7°C in het noordoosten. 
De oostenwind is zwak, in de kustgebieden matig. 
Zondag overdag is het zonnig en blijft het droog. 
Met maxima net boven het vriespunt wordt het nog iets kouder dan vandaag. 
Er staat een zwakke (noord)oostelijke wind. 
In de zuidelijke helft van het land perioden met zon, elders meest bewolkt. 
Het blijft overal droog. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt tussen 4°C in het zuiden van Limburg en 9°C in het noordwesten. 
De westelijke wind is matig, aan de noordwestkust en boven de Wadden matig tot vrij krachtig. 
Komende nacht is het met uitzondering van het (uiterste) zuiden bewolkt. 
In het zuiden kan een enkele mistbank ontstaan. 
In het noorden valt er lokaal soms wat lichte regen of motregen. 
De minima lopen uiteen van 6°C in het noordelijk kustgebied tot iets onder nul tijdens opklaringen in het zuiden. 
De wind is zuidwestelijk, zwak tot matig en in het noordelijk kustgebied eerst nog vrij krachtig. 
Woensdag begint bewolkt, maar in de loop van de dag klaart het van het zuiden uit enigszins op. 
In het noorden valt eerst lokaal nog lichte regen of motregen. 
De maxima liggen tussen 4°C in het zuiden en 8°C in het noorden. 
De wind is zuidwest en zwak tot matig. 
Het is wisselend bewolkt. 
Een gebied met af en toe een lichte bui trekt vanochtend van noord naar zuid over het land. 
In de middag wordt het op de meeste plaatsen droog en wisselen wolkenvelden en zonnige perioden elkaar af. 
De maximumtemperatuur ligt rond 7°C. 
De wind is west- tot noordwest en is matig, in de kustgebieden en boven het IJsselmeer vrij krachtig. 
In het noordelijk kustgebied blijft de wind enige tijd krachtig, 6 Bft. 
Komende nacht wisselen wolkenvelden en opklaringen elkaar af en valt lokaal wat lichte regen. 
De noordwestenwind neemt geleidelijk af en wordt zwak tot matig, in het noordwestelijk kustgebied eerst vrij krachtig. 
De minimumtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 5°C langs de kust tot 1 a 2°C in het (zuid)oosten. 
Tijdens langdurige opklaringen kan de temperatuur plaatselijk dalen tot rond het vriespunt. 
Morgen overdag is het wisselend bewolkt en kan landinwaarts in de ochtend wat lichte regen vallen. 
De west- tot noordwestenwind is zwak tot matig en de maxima liggen rond een graad of 8°C. 
Het is bewolkt en op veel plaatsen valt af en toe lichte regen. 
In het zuidoosten is het overwegend droog en breekt soms de zon even door. 
De temperatuur ligt rond 9°C. 
Aan het eind van de middag en in de avond trekt een actief regengebied van west naar oost over het land. 
De zuid- tot zuidwestenwind is boven land vrij krachtig tot krachtig, aan zee en op het IJsselmeer hard of stormachtig, 7 à 8 Bft. 
Langs de kust komen af en toe zware windstoten van 75-85 km/uur voor. 
Vanavond draait de wind naar west tot noordwest en zijn er ook in de rest van het land tijdelijk (zware) windstoten van 70-80 km/uur mogelijk. 
Vervolgens neemt de wind tijdelijk af naar matig tot vrij krachtig boven land en naar krachtig tot hard aan zee. 
Vannacht is het half tot zwaar bewolkt en neemt de kans op een bui toe. 
De minimumtemperatuur wordt ongeveer 5°C. 
De wind wordt zuidwest, matig tot vrij krachtig boven land en hard tot stormachtig aan de kust. 
In de loop van de nacht neemt aan zee de kans op zware windstoten weer toe. 
Morgen overdag is het half tot zwaar bewolkt en zijn er talrijke buien. 
Bij de buien komt lokaal hagel en onweer voor. 
De maximumtemperatuur wordt ongeveer 9°C. 
De zuidwest- tot westenwind wordt (vrij) krachtig, aan de kust hard tot stormachtig. 
Met name in de kustgebieden zijn er opnieuw zware windstoten van 75-85 km/uur mogelijk. 
In de loop van de avond neemt de wind landinwaarts af naar matig, in de kustgebieden naar overwegend krachtig. 
Het is half tot zwaar bewolkt en in het noorden valt af en toe regen. 
In de loop van de ochtend komen er steeds meer buien. 
Bij de buien komt lokaal hagel en onweer voor. 
De maximumtemperatuur wordt ongeveer 9°C. 
De zuidwestenwind is (vrij) krachtig, aan de kust hard tot stormachtig. 
Met name in de kustprovincies komen zware windstoten voor van 75-90 km/uur, vlak aan zee mogelijk tot 90-100 km/uur. 
In de loop van de middag draait de wind naar west en neemt geleidelijk af. 
In de nacht naar donderdag is er eerst nog een enkele bui. 
Later neemt de bewolking toe en later gaat het van het westen uit regenen. 
De minimumtemperatuur ligt rond 6°C. 
De wind wordt zuidwestelijk en is matig boven land en krachtig tot hard aan de kust. 
Donderdag overdag is er veel bewolking en regent het geruime tijd. 
In de middag wordt het van het noordwesten uit op steeds meer plaatsen droog en breekt de zon soms door. 
In de middag wordt het zo'n 10°C. 
De wind draait van zuidwest naar west, aan de kust naar noordwest en is matig tot vrij krachtig, aan de kust krachtig tot hard. 
Vandaag is het half tot zwaar bewolkt met vooral in het westen, midden en zuiden hier en daar regen of een bui. 
De middagtemperatuur wordt niet hoger dan een graad of 13. 
De zuidwestelijke wind is zwak tot matig, aanvankelijk in de kustgebieden lokaal nog vrij krachtig. 
In de loop van de dag wordt de wind veranderlijk en overwegend zwak. 
In de nacht naar maandag zijn er brede opklaringen en ontstaan er lokaal mistbanken. 
De minimumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van rond het vriespunt plaatselijk landinwaarts tot een graad of 5 aan zee. 
De wind is landinwaarts zwak en veranderlijk, in de kustgebieden zwak tot matig en noord- tot noordoostelijk. 
Maandag overdag lossen de mistbanken snel op en zijn er in een groot deel van het land zonnige perioden. 
In de loop van de dag neemt de bewolking van het noordoosten uit toe en dan kan er in de middag en avond vooral in de oostelijke helft van het land lokaal een beetje regen vallen. 
De middagtemperatuur varieert van 13°C in het noorden tot 16°C in het zuidoosten. 
De noordelijke wind is zwak tot matig. 
Het is vrijwel overal onbewolkt. 
In het noorden en noordwesten drijven nog af en toe wolken vanaf zee binnen. 
De minima liggen tussen 6°C  in het Waddengebied en -1°C in het oosten en noordoosten. 
Er staat een zwakke, aan zee en op het IJsselmeer matige wind uit richtingen tussen noord en noordoost. 
Overdag is het zonnig, alhoewel in de ochtend nog enkele kleine stapelwolken kunnen ontstaan. 
De maximumtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 11°C in het noorden tot 17°C in het zuidoosten. 
De matige wind komt uit een noord- tot noordoostelijke richting. 
In de nacht naar dinsdag kunnen er velden met hoge bewolking voorkomen maar blijft het droog. 
Het koelt af naar waardes tussen 7°C aan de kust tot 2°C in het binnenland. 
Zeer lokaal kan de temperatuur in het oosten net onder nul komen. 
Er staat een zwakke noord- tot noordoostenwind. 
Dinsdag overdag is het droog en overwegend zonnig, maar er zijn wel sluierwolken. 
De middagtemperaturen komen uit tussen 12°C in het noorden en 18°C in het zuidoosten. 
De wind komt uit het noordoosten en is matig. 
Het is half tot zwaar bewolkt en er trekken enkele buien over het land, plaatselijk met onweer en korrelhagel. 
De maximumtemperaturen lopen uiteen van 15°C in het noordwestelijk kustgebied tot 19°C in het zuidoosten. 
De wind is zuid tot zuidwest en boven land (vrij) krachtig, langs de kust hard tot stormachtig, 7-8 Bft. 
Vooral in de kustprovincies komen zware windstoten voor van 75-90 km/uur. 
In de avond neemt de wind overal in kracht af. 
Komende nacht is het vrijwel overal droog en komen er opklaringen voor. 
De minimumtemperatuur wordt ongeveer 10°C. 
De zuidwestenwind neemt verder in kracht af en wordt matig aan zee en zwak verder landinwaarts. 
Zondag overdag wisselen zon en wolkenvelden elkaar af en blijft het droog. 
De middagtemperatuur wordt ca. 
20°C, vlak aan zee blijft het enkele graden koeler. 
De wind is zwak tot matig, eerst zuidwest, wordt later veranderlijk en komt in de avond uit het noordoosten. 
Vannacht zijn er brede opklaringen. 
Van het westen uit neemt de bewolking echter geleidelijk toe. 
In het noordoosten en oosten kan er een enkele ondiepe mistbank ontstaan. 
Het blijft droog. 
De minimumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 14°C in Zeeland tot 4°C plaatselijk in het oosten met kans op vorst aan de grond. 
De wind is veranderlijk en zwak. 
Morgen overdag is het overwegend bewolkt, al kan in het oosten in de ochtend nog de zon schijnen. 
Tegen de middag kan er in het westen plaatselijk wat regen vallen. 
In de loop van de middag en avond kan er op meer plaatsen van tijd tot tijd wat regen vallen. 
De maximumtemperatuur loopt uiteen van 16°C in het noordwestelijk kustgebied tot 22°C in het zuiden. 
In de ochtend staat er een zwakke tot matige zuidelijke wind. 
In de loop van de middag draait de wind naar zuidwest tot west. 
Het bewolkt is en zijn er perioden met regen. 
Vanavond trekt de regen noordoostwaarts en wordt het droog. 
Vooral aan de kust komen dan wel weer enkele buien voor. 
De temperaturen liggen rond 16°C. 
De zuidoostenwind is matig, langs de kust en op het IJsselmeer naar (vrij) krachtig. 
Vanavond draait de wind naar het zuidwesten. 
Vannacht is het zwaar bewolkt met langs de westkust enkele buien. 
In het kustgebied is er een kleine kans op onweer. 
De minima liggen rond 13°C. 
De wind is zuid tot zuidwest, matig, aan de kust vrij krachtig, aan de westkust af en toe krachtig. 
Woensdag overdag is het zwaar bewolkt met vooral in het noordwesten eerst nog een bui. 
In de middag gaat het van het zuidwesten uit regenen. 
In de avond wordt het geleidelijk droog. 
De middagtemperatuur ligt rond 17°C. 
De zuid- tot zuidwestenwind is matig, aan de kust vrij krachtig en aan de zuidwestkust later krachtig. 
